,EVERYONE, IT IS 401.
ON APRIL 30TH THIS IS THE ANN
ARBOR COMMISSION ON DISABILITY
ISSUES MEETING ON APRIL 30TH
HERE JUST TO REMIND EVERYONE
THIS MEETING WILL BE BROADCAST
LIVE ON CITY AND CABLE CHANNEL
16 AT CHANNEL NINETY NINE AND
ONLINE AT EIGHT TO GUVS DOGS.
WATCH AGAIN FOR ANY OF THE
VIEWERS TO SPEAK AT PUBLIC
COMMENT PLEASE CALL TOLL FREE
AT EIGHT SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT FIVE
THREE FIVE TO FOUR SEVEN OR
EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT SEVEN EIGHT
ZERO ZERO NINE NINE AN
INTERMEETING ID NINE ONE NINE
EIGHT SIX SEVEN THREE ONE FOUR
FIVE FIVE.
SO THIS MEETING IS CALLED TO
ORDER UP NEXT I WOULD LIKE US
TO DO ROLL CALL WHEN KENNEDY
CALLS ON YOU PLEASE STATE YOUR
NAME, YOUR POSITION AND WHERE
YOU'RE COMING FROM TODAY.
CAROL DAMAN HELLO.
YES EVERYONE.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
THIS IS MATT DAMON, CHAIRMAN
OF THE ANN ARBOR COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES COMING TO YOU
FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN,
WASHTENAW COUNTY.
>> THANK BY SHAKILA.
THIS RIGHT HERE KEYLA COMING TO
YOU FROM MY RECLINER AT INWORLD
FIVE ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> THANK SOLOMON SOLOMON ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN COMMISSIONER.
>> THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
PACKER.
YES, BECKER COMING TO YOU FROM
ANN ARBOR.
>> THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
CONRADE ANNIKA CONRADE
COMMISSIONER ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
CHAMBERS COMMISSIONER BEWES,
COMMISSIONER MODAK.
YES.
APOLOGIES FOR BEING LATE.
KATHLEEN MOZART CALLING IN FROM
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
HOPKINS.
>> COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE
COMMISSIONER RADCLYFFE COUNCIL
MEMBER GUTSIER DEVINNEY, YOUR
MUSIC.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU KENNEDY.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
NEXT WE'RE GOING ON TO PUBLIC
COMMENT.
>> IS THERE ANY PUBLIC COMMENT
THIS AFTERNOON AT THIS TIME WE
HAVE NO ONE ON THE CALL FOR
PUBLIC COMMENT.
>> OK, THANK YOU, KENNEDY.
MOVING ON, WE HAVE THE APPROVAL
OF TODAY'S AGENDA.
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE RECEIVED
AN ELECTRONIC COPY OF TODAY'S
AGENDA AHEAD OF THE MEETING
TODAY.
AND BY THE WAY, I JUST SAY I'M
GLAD WE DON'T HAVE A NATIONAL
TUMOR MANAGED TO KEEP US FROM
DOING BUSINESS.
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE FOR
SHIFTING OUR MEETING TO TODAY,
BY THE WAY.
BUT I WOULD LIKE TO OPEN UP TO
THE FLOOR IF THERE IS ANYONE
WHO WOULD LIKE TO MOVE TO
IMPROVE TODAY'S AGENDA.
>> THIS IS KATHLEEN.
THANK YOU, KATHLEEN.
ALL RIGHT.
VICE CHAIRMAN ILLER SECONDS ALL
IN FAVOR OF PROVING TODAY'S
AGENDA.
>> PLEASE UNMUTED AND SAY I AY
AY AY AY AY.
OK, THE AGENDA IS APPROVED
MOVING ON TO THE APPROVAL
OF THE MEETING MINUTES FROM
MARCH 19TH.
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE AGAIN THE
MEETING MINUTES SHOULD BE
VIEWABLE WITHIN OUR AGENDA HERE
AS WELL.
SO IF THERE IS A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE MEETING MINUTES
PLEASE MENTION SO NOW
I'M
PLEASED THAT IT'S ALL RIGHT.
LARRY MOVES TO APPROVE.
I WILL SECOND ALL IN FAVOR
OF APPROVING THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM MARCH 19TH PLEASE
ON MUTE AND SAY AY AY AY AY.
THANK YOU.
THE MEETING MINUTES ARE
APPROVED NEXT WE MOVE ON TO THE
CITY OF ANN ARBOR PERSONNEL
REPORTS WITH KENNEDY KENNEDY.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
I HOPE YOU ALL ARE DOING WELL
AGAIN AS I SAID EARLIER.
THANK YOU SO MUCH ABOUT DURING
THE COMMISSION MEETING.
I'M GLAD WE WERE ABLE TO HAVE
IT STILL THIS MONTH DUE TO THE
OUTAGE THAT HAPPENED A COUPLE
OF WEEKS AGO.
JUST A PRETTY BRIEF UPDATE IF
YOU HAVE SUBMITTED YOUR
REAPPOINTMENT APPLICATION YOU
ARE ALL SET.
WE ARE CURRENTLY WAITING FOR
OUR COUNCIL LIAISON TO REVIEW
REAPPOINTMENT SO IF YOU GET AN
ALERT OR AN EMAIL ABOUT OH YOU
HAVEN'T YOU KNOW YOUR TERM IS
ALMOST UP DISTRICT OR THAT THEY
ARE IN THE REVIEW PROCESS.
SO RIGHT NOW THAT IS ALL I HAVE
AND I THINK THAT'S IT.
>> YOU KNOW, I GOT MY YES WHILE
YOU'RE HERE I'M KIND OF YOU GOT
YEARS.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, KENNEDY FOR THAT
REPORT NEXT.
IF THEY'RE ON HERE NOT EXACTLY
SURE WE HAVE THE CITY COUNCIL
UPDATE IS COUNCIL MEMBER GAZY
HAD BEEN ON IT THIS TIME SHE IS
NOT OK SO WE'LL GO AHEAD AND
MOVE FORWARD TO THE SPECIAL
PRESENTATION PORTION OF OUR
MEETING THIS AFTERNOON.
SO OUR FIRST PRESENTER TODAY IS
ACTUALLY REPRESENTATIVES FROM
THE COMPREHENSIVE LAND USE PLAN
AND I'M VERY EXCITED TO WELCOME
MICHELLE AND EVERYONE TO
PRESENT ON THIS PARTICULAR PLAN
FOR MY KNOWLEDGE THEY WERE
ACTUALLY SEEKING ACCESSIBILITY
INPUT ON THIS PARTICULAR PLAN
SO THAT EVERYONE THANK YOU SO
MUCH FOR JOINING US AND THE
FLOOR IS YOURS.
HI.
CAN YOU HEAR ME OK?
YES WE CAN.
>> I'M SORRY IF THERE'S QUITE A
BIT OF BACKGROUND NOISE.
I'M AT A LIBRARY EVENT FOR THE
COMPREHENSIVE PLAN.
I'VE TRIED TO SNEAK AWAY TO A
QUIET SECTION SO PLEASE LET ME
KNOW AT ANY TIME IF IF IT'S NOT
WORKING I CAN TRY TO CALL IN
MAYBE ON MY PHONE.
THANK YOU ALL FOR HAVING ME
THIS AFTERNOON.
TRACY IS ALSO HERE FROM THE
CITY TO HELP ME OUT WITH THIS
IN TERMS OF TAKING NOTES,
MAKING SURE THAT WE RECORD YOUR
INPUT.
SO I GUESS I WILL SHARE MY
SCREEN WHAT I LIKE REALLY WHAT
I'M LOOKING FOR TODAY IS FOR ME
TO SHOW YOU THE PLAN
AND THEN
GET SOME FEEDBACK ON WHAT MAKES
THIS INACCESSIBLE FOR SOMEONE
WITH LOW VISION OR OTHER
DISABILITIES THAT I MIGHT NOT
BE AWARE OF .
WE DID NOT HAVE IN OUR ORIGINAL
RFP FOR THIS TO BE SCREEN
READER FRIENDLY AND WAS
ORIGINALLY HOW THIS WAS BROUGHT
TO OUR ATTENTION SO THAT OPTION
WE'RE STILL LOOKING INTO IF
THAT'S POSSIBLE FOR THE FINAL
DRAFT BUT IN THE INTERIM
BECAUSE THAT'S STILL SEVERAL
MONTHS AWAY, WE'D LIKE TO
FIGURE OUT AN INTERIM OPTION
FOR OUR NEXT ROUND OF EDITS TO
MAKE THIS MORE READABLE.
SO LET ME GO AHEAD AND SHARE
AND THEN HOPEFULLY WE CAN GET
SOME OF YOUR FEEDBACK HERE.
SO SORRY THIS IS THE PAGE THAT
I'M MOST COMMONLY ON BUT I CAN
BRING IT WE CAN TALK ABOUT
MAYBE JUST THE STRUCTURE WE CAN
LOOK JUST THROUGH ONE CHAPTER
BECAUSE THEY'RE ALL SET UP THE
SAME.
AND SO ANY FEEDBACK YOU GIVE ME
ON ONE CHAPTER AND I CAN APPLY
TO THE OTHERS.
SO HERE'S AN EXAMPLE OF HOW ONE
SECTION WOULD START.
SO I GUESS I'M LOOKING FOR
FEEDBACK ON FONT COLOR
FORMATTING.
ANY THOUGHTS THAT YOU CAN SHARE
WITH ME WOULD BE INFORMATIVE.
>> COMMISSIONER MOSAIC I YEAH
THE FIRST THING THAT SNAPS OUT
TO ME IS THE CONTRAST ON THE
LARGE PICTURE WHERE YOU HAVE
THE DARK WORDS OVER WHITE BUT
IT'S ALL OVER THE GREEN AND
THAT IS I'M NOT SO I USE I HAVE
GLASSES I'M NOT BLIND OR
CONSIDERED LEGALLY BLIND BUT
JUST EVEN AS SOMEONE WHO HAS
MINOR VISION PROBLEMS I FIND
THAT VERY DIFFICULT TO READ AND
SPECIFICALLY JUST SO I HEAR YOU
CORRECTLY, IT'S THE BLACK
AGAINST THE THE BLACK FONT
AGAINST THE GREEN BACKGROUND.
>> RIGHT.
BECAUSE WHAT YOU'RE DOING IS
IT'S ALSO AGAINST THE WHITE AND
SO YOU HAVE TO NAVIGATE THE
WORD OVER TO DIFFERENT
BACKGROUNDS.
SO ANN ARBOR WOULD BE BETTER
FOR ALL IS NOT ONLY AGAINST THE
GREEN BUT YOU HAVE WHITE
UNDERLINING GOING THROUGH THE
WORDS AND THAT MAKES IT VERY
CHALLENGING TO NAVIGATE.
>> OK, SO THE COMMENT IS ALSO
TO REMOVE THE UNDERLINING.
YEAH.
OR THE OTHER OPTION WOULD BE IF
YOU WANTED TO NOT HAVE THAT TO
BE UNDERLINED BUT MAKE OUT A
WHITE BOX SO THAT ITS BLACK
WORDS FONT AGAINST A WHITE BOX
BUT LEAVE THE REST OF YOUR
GREEN THERE THAT MIGHT BE
ACCEPTABLE BUT THE WAY IT IS
NOW IS VERY CHALLENGING.
>> OK THANK YOU COMMISSIONER
SOLOMON MY QUESTION IS ABOUT
THAT EXACT QUOTATION THAT
EPIGRAPHY WITH WHICH YOU'RE
BEGINNING TO SEE BECAUSE WHEN I
READ THAT I DON'T FIND MYSELF
IN AGREEMENT WITH SO IS THAT
SOMETHING THAT WE'RE ABLE TO
DISCUSS AT THIS CONTEXT?
WE'VE ACTUALLY ALREADY ASKED
THE CONSULTANTS TO REMOVE ALL
OF THE QUOTES.
THESE THESE QUOTES WERE PULLED
FROM INDIVIDUALS WHO
PARTICIPATED IN IN OUR
DIFFERENT ENGAGEMENT SESSIONS.
SO THIS IS ONE OF OUR RESIDENTS
OPINIONS.
BUT I THINK WE FEEL THAT WE
DON'T WANT THEM WE DON'T WANT
TO GO THROUGH PICKING AND
CHOOSING WHICH ONES YOU INCLUDE
IN THE PLAN.
>> SO WE'VE ASKED THEM TO BE
REMOVED.
YEAH, I'M GLAD THAT'S BEING
DONE BECAUSE I THINK WE PUT
THINGS IN HERE WHERE THERE'S
NOT NECESSARILY CONSENSUS WELL
THERE'S NOT GOING TO BE ONE
HUNDRED PERCENT CONSENSUS ON US
PLAN.
IT'S IT'S WIDE SPREADING ACROSS
THE WHOLE CITY.
SO THAT'S WHY I THINK WE WANT
TO REMOVE OURSELVES FROM THAT.
BUT FROM THE QUOTES SO YEAH.
THANK YOU COMMISSIONER CONRAD.
>> HI.
YEAH.
THANKS FOR SEEKING FEEDBACK ON
THE ACCESSIBILITY OF YOUR
PROJECT.
I'M THE ONE WHO WHO MAYBE
ORIGINALLY BROUGHT YOUR
ATTENTION TO THE CONCERN
BECAUSE I AM LEGALLY BLIND AND
OPEN THE DRAFT AND WAS LIKE OH
I CAN'T ACCESS ANY OF THIS NOT
ONLY BECAUSE IT'S NOT
SCREENWRITER ACCESSIBLE BUT
BECAUSE THE INFORMATION IS
PRESENTED IN A HIGHLY VISUAL
WAY.
SO THERE'S LIKE YOU KNOW, A LOT
OF GRAPHICS AND THINGS BUT YOU
KNOW, THERE'S TWO WAYS THAT YOU
CAN APPROACH THIS.
SO SOMETIMES WE REACH
ACCESSIBILITY BY PROVIDING
MULTIPLE FORMATS AND SO WE GOT
KIND OF THAT PLAIN TEXT VERSION
FROM YOU FOR THIS MEETING I
READ THAT I THOUGHT IT WAS
GREAT.
FELT LIKE AT LEAST I THINK I
GOT ALL THE SAME CONTENT SO YOU
CAN APPROACH IT THAT WAY.
THE OTHER APPROACH WOULD BE TO
ENSURE THAT YOU'RE DESIGNING AS
YOU'RE SAYING YOU KNOW, WITH
LIKE HIGHER CONTRAST COLORS
USING ALT TEXT FOR ANY IMAGES
OR GRAPHICS AND ENSURING THAT
THE TEXT CAN ACTUALLY BE
SELECTED AND READ BY THE SCREEN
READER.
SO YOU KNOW, THERE'S JUST TWO
DIFFERENT WAYS TO THINK ABOUT
GOING ABOUT IT.
>> OK, THANK YOU.
SO THE THE TEXT VERSION THAT WE
PROVIDED WAS READABLE FOR YOU
WITH SCREEN READER AND WITHOUT
OR IF IT WAS READABLE WITH A
SCREEN READER.
YEAH.
SO ASSUMING THAT I CAN GET ALL
THE SAME INFORMATION BY JUST
READING THE TEXT ALSO THAT'S
PART OF THE PROBLEM IS IT IS A
HIGHLY GRAPHIC PLAN SO SO YOU
REALLY YOU ARE ONLY GETTING THE
TEXT WHICH SHOULD BE I SUPPOSE
JUST SUPPORTED BY GRAPHICS.
RIGHT SO YOU WOULD GET ALL THE
INFORMATION BUT YOU YEAH.
YOU'RE MISSING ALL OF THE MAPS
AND THE OTHER THINGS IN THE
MEANTIME BUT IS THAT IS THAT AN
INTERIM STEP FOR NOW OR I WOULD
SAY YEAH BUT I THINK YOU WANT
TO WHAT'S MISSING THEN IS YOU
WOULD WANT TO DESCRIBE ANYTHING
THAT'S REPRESENTED THROUGH MAPS
OR GRAPHICS.
SO DESCRIBE IT LIKE WITH WORDS
IN TEXT THAT WOULD BE I WOULD
SAY TO COVER WHAT'S MISSING.
OK, I WOULD AGREE WITH THAT
BECAUSE I HAVE NO VISION SO I
WOULD AGREE WITH THAT.
OK, I CAN KEEP SCROLLING HERE
IF THAT'S HELPFUL.
IF THERE'S THINGS YOU NOTICE ON
OTHER PAGES AS WELL MENTIONED
SOLOMON THIS IS I GUESS A
SIMILAR QUESTION WHICH IS IS
OUR INPUT ACTUALLY BEING
REQUESTED ON THE PLANE ITSELF
OR SIMPLY ON THE VISUAL
PRESENTATION OF THE PLANE
BECAUSE THIS FEELS LIKE ARE WE
JUST BROUGHT IN AT THE LAST
MINUTE TO APPROVE SOMETHING
WHERE OUR CONSULATE STATION HAS
NOT ACTUALLY BEEN SOLICITOR?
THIS IS UNFORTUNATELY BEEN A TO
PROVE ANYTHING NOT EVEN
APPROVAL.
ARE YOU OR WAS WAS THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY INCLUDED
IN THE RESEARCH PROCESS LEADING
TO US DOCUMENT?
>> WELL, I SENT OUT WHEN THIS
DRAFT WAS INITIALLY CAME OUT IN
MARCH I SENT IT TO ALL THE
COMMISSIONS TO REVIEW AND SAID
THAT ANYONE WHO WOULD LIKE ME
TO COME TO THEIR MEETINGS THAT
I'M HAPPY TO COME AND TALK TO
YOU ABOUT IT.
I STARTED IN THE PLANNING
DEPARTMENT IN OCTOBER .
I CAN ASK IF STAFF REACHED
EARLIER BUT I AM NOT I DON'T
HAVE THAT INFORMATION RIGHT NOW
AND SO TODAY MY REQUEST IS
PRIMARILY ON HOW TO MAKE IT
MORE ACCESSIBLE.
BUT IF YOU WANT US TO COME BACK
MY OFFER STILL STANDS TO
DISCUSS THE CONTENT OF THE PLAN
AS WELL.
>> AND MICHEL, I JUST WANT TO
SAY THAT I DO REMEMBER HAVING
AN OPPORTUNITY TO DO THAT.
I JUST WASN'T SURE WHAT
FEEDBACK WAS WAS GIVEN AT THAT
TIME.
BUT THANK YOU FOR YOUR OPENNESS
TO BE WILLING TO TO ADJUST IF
NEEDED.
SURE.
MISSIONER MOSADDEQ.
>> I THINK MY COMMENT IS THE
SAME AS THE GRAPHIC BEFOREHAND
.
SO YOU HAVE OBJECTIVE BOX WHICH
IS VERY PRETTY IS ON A YELLOW
BACKGROUND BUT YOU HAVE LIGHT
BLUE WORDING IT.
THAT'S A VERY CHALLENGING
CONTRAST.
I THINK I CAN SEE WHAT YOU'RE
TRYING TO DO.
YOU'RE TRYING TO CREATE
APPARENTLY LIKE SOME SORT
OF LIKE VISUAL AND FOR INTEREST
AND DIFFERENTIATE MOTION.
BUT THAT LIGHT BLUE AGAINST
THAT YELLOW IS VERY
CHALLENGING.
SO SOMETHING LIKE A BLACK
AGAINST THE YELLOW MIGHT BE
BETTER BUT I WOULD ALSO DEFER
TO MY OTHER COMMISSIONERS WHO
MAY HAVE DIFFERENT SITE
OBJECTIVES BUT I AM STRUGGLING
TO TO EVEN LOOK AT THE FONT
LIKE RIGHT NOW I WOULD HAVE TO
ENLARGE IT BECAUSE I CAN'T EVEN
READ THE SENTENCES BECAUSE
THERE ARE LIGHT BLUE AGAINST
THE YELLOW BOOK IF I AND VERY
GOOD POINT WITH LOW VISION
THERE'S SUCH A AN ARRAY OF WHAT
WE CAN AND CAN'T SEE AND WITH
MIKE CONDITION LHO AND THAT'S
AN OPTIC NERVE BUT IT'S I SEE
BLUE QUITE WELL AND SO THAT'S
LIKE I CAN SEE BLUE SKIES AND
SO THAT'S A COLOR THAT WORKS
FOR ME.
I DON'T KNOW IF IT'S POSSIBLE
TO MAKE THAT THE VIEWER BE ABLE
TO CHOOSE THE COLOR THAT WORKS
BEST BUT THAT'S JUST ONE THING
THAT I LIKE WHEN WE GO TO GROUP
CONFERENCES EVERYTHING'S BLUE
ALL AROUND.
THEY USE THAT COLOR IN LOTS
OF DIFFERENT VISIONS
OF DIFFERENT COLORS.
I THINK THAT THAT WORK BETTER
THAN OTHERS.
I'M NOT SURE IF THERE'S ONE
THAT'S OVERALL BEST BUT LIKE A
DARK BRIGHT BLUE IS WHAT IS IS
MY INDIVIDUAL VOTE.
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE GROUP
COLORS ARE THAT THAT WORKS
OVERALL BUT IS IT POSSIBLE TO
DO ALLOW
A VIEWER TO CHOOSE
WHAT COLOR AND MAKE THAT A
CHOICE KIND OF LIKE ON THAT'S
PROBABLY NOT POSSIBLE BUT I
JUST THOUGHT I'D ADD THAT IN
THERE I I GUESS WHAT I DON'T I
MEAN I'M EXPOSING A LOT OF MY
IGNORANCE ON THIS TOPIC OF WHAT
THE BEST COLOR IS.
I WOULD TAKE YOUR GUIDANCE IN
THAT I THINK THE STANDARD IS
TYPICALLY BLACK.
WHAT IF WE CHANGE THE OBJECTIVE
BOX TO BE BLACK FONT?
WOULD THAT BE HELPFUL?
THIS IS COMMISSIONER CONRADE.
THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO WHOSE
PROFESSION IS TO WORK ON THIS
STUFF LIKE THIS DIGITAL
ACCESSIBILITY.
I WOULD IMAGINE THE CITY HAS
SOMEBODY THAT YOU COULD CONSULT
WITH BECAUSE YOU KNOW, I REALLY
I DON'T THINK IT'S REALLY YOU
CAN'T REALLY DESIGN A DOCUMENT
FOR A PARTICULAR SUBSET OF THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY BUT THERE
ARE LIKE BEST PRACTICES THAT
YOU CAN FOLLOW AND I WOULD
IMAGINE THERE'S SOMEONE IN THE
CITY WHO CAN PROVIDE THAT
EXPERTIZE.
TRACY, DID YOU WANT TO COMMENT?
YES.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
AND I AGREE WITH EVERY COMMENT
THAT HAS BEEN MADE ACTUALLY I'M
LOOKING AT MY NOTES THAT I'VE
ALREADY MADE AND IT'S BEEN
EXACTLY THE SAME COMMENTS THAT
YOU MADE AND I APOLOGIZE IT DID
NOT INTRODUCE MYSELF.
THIS IS TRACY, THE
ACCESSIBILITY COORDINATOR FOR
THE CITY WORKING IN THE OFFICE
OR THE OFFICE OF ORGANIZATIONAL
EQUITY AND FOR COLOR CONTRAST
ACTUALLY THERE IS A STANDARD
EXCUSE ME FOR STANDARD TYPE
SIZE TEXT.
THE COLOR CONTRAST SHOULD BE AT
LEAST FOUR POINT FIVE TO ONE
MEANING LIKE BLACK PRINT ON
WHITE OR WHITE PRINT AGAINST A
DARK BACKGROUND AND MICHELLE
THAT IS SOMETHING THAT WE CAN
DISCUSS AND HOW TO DO THAT AS
WELL.
>> SO I'VE ALSO MADE I JUST
WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT WE'VE
I'VE MADE SOME FONT TYPE
RECOMMENDATIONS TO USE LIKE A
PARTICULAR TYPE OF FONT THE NON
SARAH FONTS, A MINIMUM PRINT IS
ELEVEN POINTS WHICH IS ACTUALLY
WHAT WE'RE REVIEWING RIGHT NOW
ON THE SCREEN BUT IT'S
RECOMMENDED FOR A SIXTEEN POINT
NOW THAT'S GOING TO MAKE A FOR
A VERY LARGE DOCUMENT SO
SOMEWHERE IN BETWEEN TO MAKE
READABLE.
SO I JUST WANT TO LET YOU KNOW
THAT BEFORE I RAMBLE ON AND ON
THERE ARE WAYS THAT YOU CAN
LOOK AT COLOR CONTRAST PRETTY
SIMPLE.
THANK YOU, TRACEY.
I REALLY APPRECIATE THAT INPUT.
AND YOU KNOW, AGAIN, MICHELLE,
I APPRECIATE JUST THE
WILLINGNESS TO HEAR THE
COMMISSION'S FEEDBACK ON WHAT
MAKES THIS PARTICULAR DOCUMENT
MORE ACCESSIBLE.
ARE THERE ANY OTHER COMMENTS
FROM THE COMMISSION AT THIS
TIME, MICHELLE?
IS THIS THE END OF THE
DOCUMENT?
>> I DON'T THINK IT IS OK.
NO, I MEAN THERE'S SIXTY EIGHT
SPREADS ARE ABOUT ONE HUNDRED
AND 40 PAGES.
BUT LIKE I SAID, THE CHAPTER
FORMAT IS REPEATED OVER AND
OVER SO WE REALLY JUST COULD
GET THROUGH ONE CHAPTER AND I
COULD GET MOST OF YOUR FEEDBACK
.
BUT I MEAN WE BRING FONT SIZE
FONT COLOR AND CONTRAST ARE
IMPORTANT AND THEN IF WE HAVE
THE TEXT DOCUMENT TO DESCRIBE
THE GRAPHICS OR THE MAPS YOU
CAN SEE THERE'S TONS OF MAPS AS
IN MOST PLANNING DOCUMENTS
BECAUSE WE WORK, YOU KNOW, WITH
SPATIAL DATA.
SO I WOULD ALSO SAY IF YOU ALL
WANT TO CONTINUE TO LOOK AT
THIS, YOU CAN SEND US FEEDBACK
AND I'LL WORK WITH TRACEY ON
THIS.
OUR REMAINING BUDGET IS VERY
TIGHT SO WE'RE TRYING TO SEE IF
THE CONSULTANTS CAN DO THIS.
BUT WE MIGHT HAVE TO HIRE
SOMEONE AFTERWARDS TO MAKE THIS
SCREEN READER FRIENDLY IF WE
CAN.
>> SO THOSE ARE SOME OF THE
OPTIONS IN FRONT OF US TO HAVE
AN INTERIM OPTION, WORK WITH
TRACEY, SEE WHAT WE CAN DO,
MAYBE HIRE SOMEONE ELSE, MAYBE
SEE IF OUR CONSULTANTS CAN CAN
HELP UPDATE US.
I CAN CERTAINLY DO THE THINGS
THAT YOU'VE ASKED TODAY BUT TO
MAKE IT 100 PERCENT COMPLIANT
WITH ALL THE BEST STANDARDS AND
SCREEN READER I I HAVE TO LOOK
INTO THAT FOR SURE.
THANK YOU MICHEL.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT
TRANSPARENCY AND YOU KNOW, IF
ANY OF OUR COMMISSIONERS HAVE,
YOU KNOW, LEADS OR CONNECTIONS
OR RESOURCES THAT COULD HELP
WITHIN THIS PROCESS, PLEASE
DON'T HESITATE TO SEND THAT
INFORMATION OUR WAY SO THAT
THAT CAN BE THEN FORWARDED TO
MICHELLE AND TRACEY AND THE
TEAM WORKING WITH THIS TRACEY,
GO AHEAD.
>> YES.
TRACEY HERE AGAIN, THANK YOU SO
MUCH, ZACK.
>> I ALSO WANT TO GIVE A PLUG
BECAUSE I BELIEVE COMMISSIONER
SOLOMON, YOU HAD ASKED ABOUT
INPUT AND INPUT FROM THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY AND WHILE
MICHELLE HAS SO GRACIOUSLY SAID
OF COURSE SHE'LL COME BACK, I
ALSO WANTED TO GIVE A PLUG
ABOUT THE AGAIN I KNOW IT'S
QUITE LATE THIS EVENING BUT UP
UNTIL SEVEN O'CLOCK THIS
EVENING MICHELLE, YOU ARE AT
THE MALLETS CREEK LIBRARY FOR
PUBLIC INPUT AND THEN IS THE
NEXT TIME LIKE MAY SIXTH OR
SEVENTH SEVENTH OF THE TREVOR
WOOD BRANCH LIBRARY FROM THREE
TO SEVEN PM.
>> YEAH AND AND YOU KNOW WHAT I
WOULD ALSO RECOMMEND THE THE
PLANNING COMMISSION MEETS IS IT
BI WEEKLY NOW OR WEEKLY TO
DISCUSS THIS?
ALL OF THEIR MEETINGS ARE ALSO
ONLINE.
YOU CAN COME IN PERSON, YOU CAN
VIEW THE ZOOM JUST LIKE WE DO
OUR KODAI MEETINGS FOR ALSO
INPUT.
SO AS YOU ARE PERUSING THROUGH
THE THE DOCUMENT THAT IS IN
FRONT OF US OR IF YOU'RE
LOOKING AT THE REVIEWING FROM
THE PLAIN TEXT THAT WAS SENT
OUT AND HAVE COMMISSION OR HAVE
QUESTIONS, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
TO JOIN ALSO IN THOSE MEETINGS,
WOULD THAT WOULD THAT BE
CORRECT SHELTER FOR PUBLIC
ENGAGEMENT OF THAT?
YES.
I CAN SEND ALSO THE LINK TO OUR
WEBSITE WHERE ALL OF THE
PLANNING COMMISSION MEETINGS
THAT ARE GEARED TOWARDS THIS
TOPIC ARE POSTED THE DRAFT IS
AVAILABLE THERE.
OTHER INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE
THERE AS WELL AS OUR ENGAGEMENT
DATES.
SO I'M AT ONE RIGHT NOW.
THE NEXT ONE IS MAY SEVEN AND
AFTER THAT YOU'D HAVE TO
CONTINUE THROUGH THE PLANNING
COMMISSION AND UNLESS WE PLAN
ANOTHER EVENT.
AND WITH THAT I JUST WANT TO
ALSO STATE I I BELIEVE IT WAS
SAID THAT IF YOU DO HAVE ANY
ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS OR
COMMENTS OR COMMENTS THAT YOU
WOULD LIKE TO ADD TO THE LIST
THAT WE'VE HAD TODAY, FEEL FREE
TO EMAIL THOSE DIRECTLY TO ME
OR TO LAURA OR TO AND WE CAN WE
CAN GET THOSE ALL COMPILED AND
SEND THEM ON TO MICHELLE.
THANK YOU.
YEAH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE AND
THANK YOU MICHELLE.
I REALLY APPRECIATE THE TIME
AND THE THOUGHT AND THE EFFORT
PUTTING PUTIN INTO AGAIN MAKING
THIS DOCUMENT ACCESSIBLE AND
YOU I DID WANT TO POINT OUT TO
YOU AGAIN THAT THIS WAS SENT TO
OUR COMMISSION FOR REVIEW.
I DID SEE IT BUT I JUST WANT TO
POINT OUT THAT, YOU KNOW,
BECAUSE I'M NOT IN THE VISUALLY
IMPAIRED SECTOR, YOU KNOW, I I
DIDN'T HAVE PERSPECTIVE ON THAT
SO I HAD REVIEWED SOME OF IT.
BUT THERE REALLY WASN'T I
THOUGHT, YOU KNOW, ADEQUATE
FEEDBACK FOR ME TO GIVE IN
TERMS OF THE VISUAL OF OR
OF THE CONTENT BECAUSE I DIDN'T
I DIDN'T NECESSARILY DISAGREE
WITH ANY OF THE CONTENT BUT IT
WAS INTERESTING.
ONE OF OUR COMMISSIONERS HAD
TALKED ABOUT THE QUOTATIONS.
BUT I JUST WANT TO THANK ALL
OF YOU COMMISSIONERS FOR JUST
BEING ATTENTIVE DURING THIS
PROCESS AND BRINGING UP SOME
VERY GOOD POINTS.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE A WASHTENAW
LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND AND PRINT
DISABLED WITH KATIE.
>> WELCOME, KATIE.
HI THERE, EVERYBODY.
I'M GOING TO TELL YOU ABOUT
SOME UPCOMING EVENTS AT THE
LIBRARY.
I WANT TO FIRST APOLOGIZE
BECAUSE WE HAVE A REALLY
EXCITING UPCOMING EVENT THAT I
WANT TO TALK ABOUT THAT I DID
NOT INCLUDE ON THE NOTES THAT I
SENT PRIOR TO THE MEETING BUT
IT'S VERY EXCITING.
WE'RE IN PARTNERSHIP WITH A
DISABILITY NETWORK WASHTENAW,
MONROE, LIVINGSTON.
WE'RE HOSTING A DEVICE
ACCESSIBILITY OVERVIEW.
THIS IS GOING TO BE AT OUR
WEBSITE BRANCH ON MAY 5TH.
THAT'S A MONDAY FROM TEN TO
12:00 P.M. STAFF FROM
DISABILITY NETWORK WASHTENAW
MONROE.
WE'LL DISCUSS WHAT IS MEANT BY
ASSISTIVE OR ACCESSIBLE
TECHNOLOGY SETTINGS, APPS AND
DEVICES TO ADAPT YOUR
TECHNOLOGY BY CATEGORY OF AND
PEER IMPAIRMENT WHETHER IT'S
HEARING VISION, COGNITIVE OR
MOTOR PHYSICAL AND RESOURCES TO
LEARN MORE AND OBTAIN THOSE
ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY IS WE'RE
GOING TO BE PROVIDING A LIVE
STREAM OF THIS EVENT AND WE ARE
INTENDING TO MAKE IT AVAILABLE
FOR FUTURE VIEWING ON OUR
YOUTUBE PAGE.
>> SO THE LINK TO THAT IS GOING
TO APPEAR ON OUR EVENT PAGE
ABOUT AN HOUR BEFORE OUT EVENT.
SO WE'RE REALLY EXCITED ABOUT
THAT AND WE'VE GOT A COUPLE
OF OTHER EVENTS IN MONTHS
COMING THAT I'LL TALK ABOUT IN
THE FUTURE THAT ARE ALSO IN
PARTNERSHIP WITH DISABILITY
NETWORK.
SO THAT'S THAT'S REALLY
EXCITING TO ME AND I'LL BE
HOSTING THOSE ONES SO THAT'LL
BE FUN.
WE ALSO HAVE AN AUTHOR EVENT
COMING UP ON FRIDAY, MAY 9TH AT
SIX THIRTY AT THE DOWNTOWN
LIBRARY WITH NICO
LANG WHO'S
GOING TO BE DISCUSSING HOW
TRANS KIDS ARE SURVIVING AND
FINDING JOY IN A TURBULENT ERA
FOR THEIR GROUNDBREAKING NEW
BOOK.
JOURNALIST NICO LANG SPENT A
YEAR TRAVELING THE COUNTRY TO
DOCUMENT THE LIVES
OF TRANSGENDER NON BINARY AND
GENDER FLUID TEENS AND THEIR
FAMILIES DRAWING OUT HUNDREDS
OF HOURS OF ON THE GROUND
INTERVIEWS WITH THEM AND THE
PEOPLE IN THEIR COMMUNITIES.
AMERICAN TEENAGER PAINTS A
VIVID PORTRAIT OF WHAT IT'S
ACTUALLY LIKE TO GROW UP TRANS
TODAY FROM THE TIP OF FLORIDA'S
CONSERVATIVE PANHANDLE TO
VIBRANT COMMUNITIES IN
CALIFORNIA AND FROM TEXAS
CHURCHES TO MOSQUES IN ILLINOIS
,AMERICAN TEENAGER GIVES
READERS A WINDOW INTO THE LIVES
OF EIGHT TEENS WHO DESPITE WHAT
LAW WHAT SOME LAWMAKERS MIGHT
WANT US TO BELIEVE ARE TRULY
JUST KIDS LOOKING FOR A
BRIGHTER FUTURE.
AND THIS EVENT IS IN
PARTNERSHIP WITH LITERARY
BOOKSTORE AND INCLUDES SIGNING
BOOKS FOR SALE.
WE'RE ALSO HAVING AN EVENT
CALLED PREVENTING FRAUD ABUSE
AND SCAMS WITH AARP.
THAT'S ON MONDAY, MAY 12TH FROM
TWO TO THREE P.M. AT THE
MILLET'S CREEK BRANCH.
YOU CAN JOIN US FOR AN
INFORMATIVE SESSION DESIGNED TO
EMPOWER SENIORS WITH THE TOOLS
AND KNOWLEDGE TO PROTECT
THEMSELVES AGAINST FRAUD, ABUSE
AND SCAMS.
THIS PRESENTATION WILL
COVER COMMENTARY TACTICS USED
BY SCAMMERS WARNING SIGNS TO
WATCH FOR AND PRACTICAL STEPS
TO SAFEGUARD YOUR FINANCES AND
PERSONAL INFORMATION LED BY
EXPERT SPEAKERS.
THIS EVENT IS A VALUABLE
OPPORTUNITY TO STAND FORMED AND
SECURE AN INCREASINGLY COMPLEX
DIGITAL AND FINANCIAL
LANDSCAPE.
>> AND WE ALSO HAVE THE
WASHTENAW BIRD AND NATURE
ALLIANCE BLACK BIRDERS WEEK ITS
ORIGINS AND WHY IT'S IMPORTANT.
THAT'S ON WEDNESDAY, MAY 21ST
AT SIX P.M. AT THE DOWNTOWN
LIBRARY BIRDERS IS A WEEKLONG
CELEBRATION AT THE END OF MAY
THAT STARTED ONLY A FEW YEARS
AGO.
HOWEVER, MANY FOLKS ARE UNAWARE
OF THE EVENT AND ITS ORIGINS AT
THIS PRESENTATION VICTOR CHEN
AND BRANDON FREEMAN WILL
DISCUSS SOME OF THE HISTORY
OF BLACK BIRDERS AND THE
SIGNIFICANCE OF THE EVENT TO
HELPING DIVERSITY IN THE
OUTDOORS.
WE'LL TALK ABOUT SOME OF THE
EVENTS W BNA HAS GOING ON
DURING BLACK BIRDERS WEEK IN
2025 AND HOW FOLKS CAN GET
INVOLVED IN-PERSON AND THROUGH
SOCIAL MEDIA.
>> NOW I'LL TALK ABOUT SOME
MATERIALS AND AS USUAL
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND DISABLED PATRONS CAN ALWAYS
ORDER MATERIALS ON DIGITAL
CARTRIDGE OR OTHERWISE BY
CALLING US AT SEVEN THREE FOUR
THREE TWO SEVEN FOUR TWO TWO
FOUR OR YOU CAN EMAIL US AT W L
B P D AT EIGHT DL DOUG WE'RE
ENCOURAGING FOLKS TO SIGN UP
FOR THE BRAILLE AND AUDIO
READING SERVICE CALLED BAADE.
YOU CAN DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN BOOKS
NO WAITING YOU CAN SIGN UP ON
THE BARD WEBSITE OR CALL US AND
WE CAN ASSIST YOU WITH YOUR
APPLICATION.
HERE ARE A COUPLE OF BOOKS THAT
HAVE BEEN NEWLY ADDED TO BARD
WHEN EVERYONE NEEDS HOW TOUGH
CHALLENGES GET SEEN AND SOLVED
BY ED O'MALLEY AND JULIA
FAIRBREEZE MCBRIDE LEADERSHIP
IS NOT ABOUT POSITION OR
AUTHORITY.
IT'S NOT ABOUT BIG SPEECHES OR
GRAND VISIONS.
LEADERSHIP IS ENGAGING OTHERS
TO SOLVE DAUNTING CHALLENGES.
THOSE CHALLENGES APPEAR IN OUR
PROFESSIONAL LIVES IN OUR
COMMUNITIES, OUR FAMILIES AND
THEY SEE THEM UNSOLVABLE BEYOND
OUR ABILITY TO SEE WHAT NEEDS
TO BE DONE OR OUTSIDE OF OUR
CAPACITY TO MAKE THE CHANGES
NEEDED.
THEY ARE NOT LEADERSHIP IS AN
ACTIVITY SMALL ACTIONS TAKEN IN
MOMENTS OF OPPORTUNITY AS YOU
START TO LOOK AROUND YOU LEARN
TO SEE MORE OF THOSE MOMENTS
AND SEIZE THE OPPORTUNITY IN
THOSE MOMENTS.
MOST IMPORTANTLY, YOU CAN HELP
OTHERS SEE THOSE OPPORTUNITIES
TO THAT'S WHY EVERYONE CAN LEAD
AND THE REAL POWER TO SOLVE OUR
MOST IMPORTANT CHALLENGES IS
WHEN EVERYONE LEADS AND WE'VE
GOT INTERTWINED FROM INSECTS'
TO ICEBERGS BY MICHAEL GROSS IN
NATURE EVERYTHING IS CONNECTED
FROM MICROSCOPIC BACTERIA AND
SOARING TREES TO ANIMALS
STRUGGLING FOR SURVIVAL AMID
THRIVING HUMANITY.
YET MANY OF TODAY'S TOUGHEST
PROBLEMS FROM ENVIRONMENTAL
DESTRUCTION TO DIVISIVE
POLITICS STEM FROM FUNDAMENTAL
DISCONNECTIONS IN INTERTWINED.
MICHAEL GROSS EXPLAINS HOW THE
NATURAL WORLD CAN BE A POWERFUL
REMINDER OF OUR INTERDEPENDENCE
USING EXAMPLES BASED ON RECENT
SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES ACROSS A
BROAD RANGE OF ECOSYSTEMS AND
SPECIES GROWTH SHARES IMPORTANT
AND OFTEN SURPRISING STORIES
ABOUT THE SOPHISTICATED WEB
OF CONNECTIONS IN NATURE FROM
PLANT COOPERATION TO TURTLE
COMMUNICATION.
HE HIGHLIGHTS CRUCIAL LESSONS
WE CAN APPLY TO SOLVE COMPLEX
PROBLEMS CAUSED BY HUMAN
DISTURBANCES TO THESE
CONNECTIONS.
GROSS PROVIDES AMPLE EVIDENCE
OF THE FAR REACHING IMPACTS
OF BOTH NATURAL AND ANTHROPOS
GENETIC ANTHROPOGENIC GENETIC
ANTHRO SORRY GEISEN
ANTHROPOGENIC THERE WE GO
PHENOMENA FROM COEVOLUTION AND
NUTRIENT CYCLES TO SPECIES
DOMESTICATION AND EXTINCTION
AND THAT FOR YOU TO TALK ABOUT
A TOUGH ONE EVERY ONCE ALL
THERE'S A WORD THAT I PRACTICE
A COUPLE OF TIMES AND IT JUST
DOESN'T MATTER SO ANYONE HAVE
ANY QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS?
I HAVE A COMMENT.
PARDON ME I DIDN'T MEAN TO
INTERRUPT.
>> NO PROBLEM BUT YEAH.
KITTY DO YOU MIND COULD YOU
BECAUSE I GOT THE SYNOPSIS
OF THAT LEADERSHIP BOOK BUT DO
YOU MIND SEEING THE TITLE AGAIN
PLEASE?
YEAH ABSOLUTELY I WILL.
IT'S CALLED WHEN EVERYONE LEADS
HOW TOUGH CHALLENGES GET SEEN
AND SOLVED.
IT'S BY ED OMALLEY AND JULIA
FAIRBREEZE.
>> MCBRIDE GOT IT.
>> THANK YOU KNOW YOU'RE
WELCOME.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR KATIE
AND THE LIBRARY YOU GUYS?
THEY'RE DOING SOME AMAZING,
AMAZING THINGS AND OF COURSE SO
EXCITED.
COMING UP GUYS, IT'S GOING TO
BE MADE SOON AND THEN BEFORE WE
KNOW IT, IT'S GOING TO BE HERE.
BUT VERY EXCITING AND
DEFINITELY EXCITING FOR THAT
MAY 5TH EVENT AS WELL.
VERY INFORMATIVE WITH THE
DISABILITY NETWORK TALKING
ABOUT WHAT ACCESSIBILITY
TECHNOLOGY IS.
I THINK THAT'S GOING TO BE VERY
NEAT AS WELL.
ARE YOU GOING TO HAVE KATIE
TECHNOLOGY ON DISPLAY AS WELL?
WHILE THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT
THOSE DEFINITIONS OR WHAT THOSE
DESCRIPTIONS?
YOU KNOW, I'M NOT ONE HUNDRED
PERCENT SURE OF THAT.
THIS IS OUR FIRST TIME RUNNING
IT SO I HAVEN'T ACTUALLY SEEN
IT YET.
SO I KNOW WE DO HAVE A COUPLE
OF PRESENTERS SO IT WOULDN'T
SURPRISE ME BUT I DON'T WANT TO
SAY ONE HUNDRED PERCENT BUT
THANK YOU ALSO FOR MENTIONING
VISIONS THAT WILL BE ON JUNE
4TH, 11:00 TO 4:00 PM AND I'LL
BE HIGHLIGHTING LIKE EXACTLY
WHAT'S GOING TO BE GOING ON
THAT DAY AT OUR NEXT MEETING.
SO BUT YOU CAN ALWAYS CHECK OUT
THE DETAILS AT DALGLIESH
VISIONS AS WELL.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
AND WHY DO SO MANY GREAT THINGS
GO AHEAD, LARRY.
>> SORRY I SAID I'LL BE THERE.
>> THAT'S GREAT.
I'LL MISS THE THING I WAS
THINKING ABOUT THAT MY PHOTO I
GOT A MEETING OF THING ON
MONDAY BUT I'LL BE THERE AND
PRESERVATION GREAT.
ALL RIGHT.
WONDERFUL.
YEAH, I WILL TOUCH BASE WITH
THE COMMISSION TO JUST MAKE
SURE WE HAVE EVERYTHING YOU
KNOW FOR OUR TABLE PRIOR TO
THAT EVENT AND ALL THAT GOOD
STUFF BUT ALWAYS A GREAT EVENT
YOU GUYS I HOPE EVERYONE CAN
STOP BY VISIONS IN JUNE BUT
RETAIN SOME GREAT EVENTS AT THE
LIBRARY WITH KATIE AND EVERYONE
AND HER STAFF IN BETWEEN THERE
AS WELL.
ALWAYS A VERY WELCOMING
ENVIRONMENT AT THE DOWNTOWN
LIBRARY OR ANY BRANCH AND YOU
GUYS KNOWLEDGE IS POWER BOOKS
ARE GREAT THINGS SO THANK YOU
SO MUCH, KATIE.
>> YOU'RE WELCOME.
YOU ALL HAVE A GREAT DAY.
OK, NEXT WE HAVE THE DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW MONROE
LIVINGSTON REPORT WITH ANDREA
HENRY.
>> ANDREA, GOOD AFTERNOON.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
I JUST HAVE ONE QUICK THING I
WANT TO PLUG AGAIN NOW THAT
RAMPING INTO THE WARM WEATHER
AND THAT IS OUR ABAY
CELEBRATION ON SATURDAY, JULY
TWENTY SIXTH AT THE NRA OFFICE
OF DISABILITY NETWORK.
IT IS FROM NEWARK TO FIVE FREE
FOOD FREE GAMES SPEAKERS,
COMMUNITY PARTNERS HOPEFULLY
GOOD WEATHER ALL THAT GOOD
JAZZ.
>> SO PLEASE COME JOIN US.
YEAH, AND THAT'S REALLY ALL I
HAVE FOR THE COMMISSION TODAY.
NO PROBLEM.
THANK YOU AND YES EVERYONE
PLEASE ON THIS CALL MARK YOUR
CALENDARS FOR JULY TWENTY FIFTH
NO PRESSURE OF COURSE BUT I'M
HOPING OUR COMMISSION CAN COME
OUT AND SHOW GREAT SUPPORT FOR
YOU GUYS.
I MEAN THEY DID THE TIE
DYNAMITE CELEBRATION LAST YEAR
WITH TIE DYE SHIRTS AND ALL
THAT KIND OF THING.
IT WAS A VERY WONDERFUL EVENT.
WONDERFUL FOOD AS WELL.
I DON'T WANT ANDREA TO GIVE
AWAY WHAT THE THEME WILL BE FOR
THIS YEAR, BUT I I HAVE NO
DOUBT THAT IT WILL BE VERY,
VERY GREAT.
SO HOPEFULLY WE CAN ALL COME
TOGETHER AND I DID REMEMBER
SEEING SOME COMMISSIONERS THERE
LAST YEAR AND I REALLY
APPRECIATED HOPEFULLY ALL OF US
CAN COME AND ENJOY IT.
>> I JUST WANTED SOME OF US GET
IT.
YEAH.
OH GO AHEAD ROB.
I JUST WANTED TO SAY I WENT TO
THE ONE TWO YEARS AGO AND IT
WAS A REALLY GREAT POWERFUL
EVENT, VERY MEMORABLE A LOT TO
,YOU KNOW, GET OUT OF THAT.
AND IT WAS IT WAS VERY
INSPIRING.
I ABSOLUTELY WILL BE THERE IF
AT ALL POSSIBLE.
YOU SAID SAY JULY
TWENTY FIFTH
OR TWENTY SIX AND IF YOU WANT
TO SAY THE ADDRESS FOR ANY ONE
WANTS TO MAKE SURE THEY CAN GET
OVER THERE JUST PUTTING IN A
PLUG AND BACKING YOU ALL UP
THAT IT IS DEFINITELY ONE TO
MARK YOUR CALENDARS FOR.
>> ABSOLUTELY ZACH HERE ANDREA
COULD YOU JUST DO MIND
CLARIFYING I HAD THE TWENTY
FIFTH VISIT JULY TWENTY FIFTH
OR IS IT THE TWENTY SIXTH IT IS
JULY THE TWENTY SIXTH ARE OK.
YEP THAT'S A SATURDAY IT IS THE
ACTUAL ANNIVERSARY DATE OF THE
PASSAGE OF THE ADA SO WE'RE
TRYING AS BEST WE CAN TO HOLD
THAT CELEBRATION ON THE ACTUAL
DATE THAT WAS PASSED INTO LAW.
SO IT IS ON A SATURDAY
AFTERNOON FROM NOON TO FIVE.
IT'S JUST KIND OPEN HOUSE STYLE
SO YOU'RE FREE TO COME AND GO
THROUGHOUT THAT ANY TIME DURING
THAT TIME FRAME THAT IS
WORKABLE FOR YOU AND THIS IS
YOUR THIRTY FIVE THIS IS YOUR
THIRTY FIVE.
>> SO BOB A HALLMARK CARD KIND
OF YEAR.
THERE WE GO.
ABSOLUTELY SO YES ROB HOPEFULLY
THAT CLARIFIES SO JULY TWENTY
SIXTH YES.
>> SO FIVE NOON TO FIVE YES.
>> OR NOON TO FIVE PARDON ME AT
NOON TO FIVE SATURDAY JULY
TWENTY SIX.
>> ALL RIGHTY YEAH THAT'S
THAT'S A LITTLE BIT EARLIER IT
HAS BEEN BECAUSE USUALLY ON
WEEKDAYS IT'S LIGHTER SO YEAH
THAT'S THAT MUCH DIFFERENT TIME
FRAME BECAUSE WE WERE
OPTIMISTIC THAT MOST FOLKS NOT
AS MANY FOLKS HAVE TO WORK ON A
SATURDAY HOPEFULLY AND TO BE
ABLE TO JOIN US IN THOSE EARLY
TO MID AFTERNOON HOURS THAN AN
EVENING EVENT.
SO AND BECAUSE WE DON'T WANT
YOU TO GIVE UP YOUR SATURDAY
EVENING IF YOU WANT TO ATTEND
OTHER EVENTS IN THE COMMUNITY
OR OR WHATNOT.
SO ALL RIGHT.
>> WELL, THANK YOU SO MUCH AND
THANK YOU TO YOU, ANDREA AND TO
ALL OF YOUR STAFF AT THE
DISABILITY NETWORK WATCHING ON
MONROE LIVINGSTON.
DO YOU MIND IF I ASK HOW DID
THE NOTHING ABOUT US WITHOUT US
FILM FESTIVAL GO?
I WAS WASN'T ABLE TO GET A
BREAK.
WE AWAY TO ATTEND BUT FROM
EVERYTHING I HEARD IT WENT
REALLY REALLY WELL.
>> SO ANOTHER GOOD SUCCESSFUL
YEAR YOU KNOW MY BROTHER WHO
DID GO AND PARTICIPATED SO SO
YEAH ONE I IMAGINE HE WILL LOOK
TO CONTINUE THAT AGAIN NEXT
SPRING AS WELL.
>> AWESOME WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH AND
UNFORTUNATELY I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING I DON'T HAVE
ADDITIONAL DETAILS ABOUT THE
COLLABORATION WITH THE LIBRARY
AND OUR ORGANIZATION AND THAT
WAS NOT ON MY RADAR YET TODAY
EITHER.
SO I APOLOGIZE FOR NOT BEING
ABLE TO SHED ANY ADDITIONAL
LIGHT ON THAT.
PERHAPS I CAN IF KATIE DOESN'T
HAVE ANY MORE INFORMATION OR I
CAN LOOK INTO GETTING SOME MORE
OF THAT FOR NEXT MONTH'S
MEETING.
>> SURE.
YEAH, THANK YOU, ANDREA.
I JUST THINK IT'S GREAT WHAT
YOU'RE DOING WITH THEM AND
COLLABORATING FOR THAT MADE 5TH
EVENT AND YOU KNOW, I WAS JUST
WONDERING, YOU KNOW.
YEAH, BUT THANK YOU.
>> ARE YOU THINK IT'S AWESOME
I'M NEXT WE HAVE THE PARTNERS
AND ACCESS COMMITTEE REPORT
WITH VICE CHAIRMAN LARRY KEELER
LARRY, I'M LOOKING AT IT RIGHT
NOW.
HERE WE ARE.
WE HAD OUR MEETING AND IT WAS A
IT WAS A PRODUCTIVE DISCUSSION.
>> WE HAD A REALLY FOR OF US
THERE COMMISSIONER BAUER AND
COMMISSIONER BACKWOOD AND MR.
MOSADDEQ WERE THERE.
SO THAT WAS THAT WAS PRETTY
GOOD.
WE HAD A GOOD MEETING THERE AND
WE SOME OF THE THINGS WE
DISCUSSED WERE WE TALKED ABOUT
THE SEALS FILM CHALLENGE.
I FORGET WHEN THAT WAS BUT WE
HAD WE HAD MENTIONED IT AND FOR
SOME REASON I THOUGHT IT WAS
WENT WITH THE ABOUT NOTHING
ABOUT THIS WITHOUT US.
BUT I THINK MR. PACKER CAN
LATEST MORE ON THAT IF HE'D
LIKE.
AND THEN WE WERE TALKING ABOUT
CONCERNS ABOUT HOW LONG IT WAS
TAKING FOR GREENCARD GREENCARD
RENEWAL AND THE NEED FOR
GARBAGE CANS AT BUS STOPS AND
WE TOOK THAT UP.
I TOOK WE TOOK THAT TO AAA AND
GOT SOME ANSWERS ON THAT AND
SOME OF THE ISSUES SEEM TO HAVE
BEEN SOLVED AT LEAST FOR THE
MOMENT AND THEN I BROUGHT UP A
A CONCERN I HAD AND IT'S KIND
OF A FUNNY STORY ABOUT THE
THROWN BATHROOMS AND THE
BATHROOMS ARE VERY ACCESSIBLE
BATHROOM THAT THEY'RE PUTTING
IN WITH VERY NICE VERY
ACCESSIBLE BATHROOMS.
THE PROBLEM IS ONE, YOU HAVE TO
HAVE YOUR PHONE TO GET IN AND
YOU HAVE TO KNOW HOW TO USE A
WHAT'S THAT WE USE FOR THE
SIGNS?
>> I YEAH.
A CODE OF CODE THAT YOU FLASHED
BACK AT AND I COULDN'T REMEMBER
THE NAME RIGHT OFFHAND BUT YOU
HAVE TO USE A CODE TO GET IN
BAR CODE AND THEN WHEN YOU GET
IN THERE'S A VOICEOVER AND IT'S
REALLY QUIET.
WHEN I WAS IN THERE I FOUND
EVERYTHING IN THERE THAT I
NEEDED TO FIND.
IT TOOK ME A COUPLE OF MINUTES
IN THERE, WENT TO GO AND I
COULDN'T GET OUT BECAUSE I MISS
THE INSTRUCTIONS ON WHERE TO
TAP THE DOOR TO GET OUT AND I
KNEW IT WOULD OPEN IN TEN
MINUTES.
MY FRIEND I WAS WITH WAS
LOOKING AT ME AND TRIED
LAUGHING AT ME BECAUSE I WAS
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET
OUT AND THEN SHE ACTUALLY TRIED
TO TAP TRIED TO FIGURE OUT HOW
TO GET ME OUT BUT IT SAID OH
NO, THE BATHROOMS SO I HAD TO
WAIT FOR TEN MINUTES TO COME
OUT AND STILL I NEEDED SUCTIONS
TO USE THAT I GOT INSTRUCTIONS
TO USE THE BATHROOM.
>> LUNIK THAT SO NO I THINK
THERE NEEDS TO BE MAYBE WE
COULD PICK UP CODES TO GET IN
THERE EASIER TO FLASH AND THERE
MIGHT NEED TO BE A LITTLE BIT
MORE MAYBE A VOICE IN THERE AT
LEAST THE BEGINNING COULD BE A
SLIGHT BIT LOUDER SO WE COULD
PICK UP THE INSUK AND HOW TO
GET OUT OF THERE.
BUT OTHERWISE IT WAS IT WAS IT
WAS FINALLY ACCESSIBLE THIS
GOOD RAMP, ALL KINDS OF STUFF.
BUT THAT HARD TO GET OUT MIGHT
NEED TO BE IN AND OUT MIGHT
NEED TO BE ADDRESSED.
AND THEN WE ALSO DISCUSSED
THERE WAS A THERE WAS SOMEBODY
BROUGHT UP A PATHWAY A CITIZEN
AND BROUGHT UP A PATHWAY FROM I
BELIEVE THEY WANTED TO GO FROM
BUSH'S INTO THE BUSHES TO THEIR
COMPLEX AND WE SAW THE BUSHES
OUT ON MAIN STREET INTO THEIR
COMPLEX AND WE'RE NOT SURE IF
THAT TECHNICALLY COMES UNDER US
OR PRIVATE PROPERTY.
AND THEN FINALLY WE WERE
TALKING ABOUT THE SOCIAL SOCIAL
MEDIA COMMISSIONER LOCHINVAR
MENTIONED THIS SOCIAL MEDIA
THING NETWORK AND I MENTIONED
THAT AT LEAST AS FAR AS I KNEW
WE WERE STILL WE WERE FORMING A
COMMITTEE TO TAKE CARE
OF SOCIAL MEDIA ISSUES.
YOU KNOW THAT FACEBOOK PAGES
AND ALL THAT AND THAT'S WHERE
WE WE LEFT THE MEETING, LARRY.
>> AND YOU KNOW, I WANT TO
FIRST OF ALL JUST PUBLICLY
APOLOGIZE TO THE FULL
COMMISSION ON YOU KNOW, MY LACK
OF FOLLOW UP FOR THE SOCIAL
MEDIA COMMITTEE AND WITH THAT I
WOULD LIKE TO JUST SEE IF
THERE'S ANY COMMISSIONER THAT
IS INTERESTED IN SORT OF TAKING
A LEAD ON THAT AND REACHING OUT
TO COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS.
COMMISSIONER PACKARD AND THEN I
THINK THERE WAS ONE OTHER
COMMISSIONER AS WELL AS MYSELF
WHO WANTED TO KIND OF ANCHOR.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
SO YEAH, ANCHIN BAUER AS WELL.
BUT I WAS I WAS HOPING THAT WE
COULD HAVE A COMMISSIONER WHO
WOULD BE WILLING TO KIND
OF TAKE THE LEAD ON THIS AND
REACH OUT TO SORT OF INCLUDE IN
AN EMAIL WITH ALL THOSE
INTERESTED KIND OF STARTING
THAT PROCESS WITH ANY
COMMISSIONER BE INTERESTED IN
THAT
?
OH, I WILL VOLUNTEER FOR THAT
SINCE I KNOW THAT WE'VE WE'VE
ALL BUT WE'VE BEEN TALKING
ABOUT IT FOR A WHILE I THINK
AND I'M HAPPY TO DO THIS IN
COLLABORATION WITH ANYONE ELSE
WHO'S INTERESTED IN BEING A
CO LEAD WITH ME.
OBVIOUSLY IT'S A SOLID GROUP
EFFORT AND I THINK WHAT WE
REALLY NEED TO DO IS SCHEDULE A
SESSION AN IN-PERSON GROUP
SESSION WITH TO GET IT
FORMULATED.
YEAH, SO IF THERE'S ANYONE ELSE
WHO'S INTERESTED, WHETHER IT'S
HERE OR LATER
AFTER THE MEETING
WOULD BE GREAT TO FIND A TIME
AND JUST SIT DOWN WHETHER IT'S
MAYBE A LIBRARY OR OR WHEREVER
IT'S CONVENIENT.
I THINK WE NEED TO IT'S ONE
OF THOSE THINGS WHERE I THINK
WE'LL GET MORE ACCOMPLISHED IF
WE CAN MEET IN PERSON
SOMEWHERE.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
YEAH.
COMMISSIONER PACKARD, THANK YOU
SO MUCH FOR YOUR WILLINGNESS TO
SORT OF TAKE THE LEAD ON SOCIAL
MEDIA AND FORMING THAT
COMMITTEE.
PLEASE INCLUDE ME ON THAT AS
WELL.
I CAN I DEFINITELY WANT TO BE
INVOLVED.
I JUST HAVEN'T HAD THE CAPACITY
TO OBVIOUSLY LEAD THOSE EFFORTS
AND WANTED TO BE COMPLETELY
TRANSPARENT WITH ALL VIEW ON
THAT.
SO YEAH, THANK YOU.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, ROB,
ON WHO ELSE WOULD LIKE TO BE
INVOLVED JUST LET ME KNOW AND I
CAN GIVE YOU THOSE WHO ARE
INTERESTED.
OK AND TO SEND AN EMAIL OUT TO
AND THEN YEAH WE CAN GO FROM
THERE I I THINK OBVIOUSLY IT'S
TO ME ALL UPSIDE THAT'S THE
MORE WE CAN ALLOW ACCESSIBILITY
TO THE PUBLIC TO EVERYTHING
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT HERE THE
BETTER.
I THINK IT COULD BE A PRETTY
POWERFUL TOOL FOR PEOPLE TO
COME FORWARD WITH ANY OF THEIR
CONCERNS OR EVEN MORE SO IN A
WAY TO PROMOTE POSITIVE THINGS
GOING ON AND AND SO ALL THE
GREAT ADVANCEMENTS THAT WE'RE
HAVING, EVEN THE EVENTS THAT
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT TODAY, WE
COULD BE PROMOTING IT ON A
FACEBOOK INSTAGRAM.
I MEAN ONE QUESTION I THINK IS
WOULD IT BE FACEBOOK, INSTAGRAM
OR BOTH?
AND I GUESS THAT'S PART OF THE
PROCESS FROM YOUR FORWARD.
>> BUT YEAH, I THINK I MEAN
THAT'S A GOOD QUESTION.
I THINK WE SAID WE WANTED TO
START WITH ON FACEBOOK AND THEN
I DEFINITELY LIKE INSTAGRAM AND
I THINK THAT'S A WORTHY
PLATFORM AS WELL.
BUT I MEAN I DON'T I WANT TO BE
ABLE TO GIVE THE OPPORTUNITY
FOR EVERYONE TO GIVE THEIR
INPUT BEFORE WE DECIDE.
ALL RIGHT.
YEAH.
WE'RE GOING TO CREATE A
FACEBOOK ACCOUNT AND WE'RE
GOING TO CREATE AN INSTAGRAM
AND GO FROM THERE BECAUSE WE
ALSO HAVE TO DETERMINE THE
PROCESS OF WHEN WE TAKE PHOTOS
OR WHEN WE HAVE AN EVENT WHERE
DO THOSE IMAGES GO AND THEN
WHO'S RESPONSIBLE FOR POSTING
AND DRAFTING EXTENSIBLE
DESCRIPTIONS AND STUFF LIKE
INSTAGRAM AND FACEBOOK FROM MY
UNDERSTANDING AS WELL IS
LINKABLE SO IT CAN JUST BE
LINKED TOGETHER SO IT WOULDN'T
BE TOO MUCH OF A AN ADDITIONAL
BURDEN IN THIS JOINT.
OK, WE'LL COOL ROB.
YEAH, PLEASE FOLLOW UP WITH ME
AND THEN WE CAN YOU KNOW, GET
THAT MOVING FINALLY AND AGAIN
FOR THE RECORD I DO APOLOGIZE
IN THE LAG ON THAT BUT
HOPEFULLY WE CAN GET IT MOVING
.
>> ALL RIGHT.
ANYTHING ELSE FROM PARTNERS AND
ACCESS?
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO THE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT REPORT IS
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS ON SHE IS
NOT OK.
I KNOW THAT SHE DID SAY THAT
SHE WAS GOING TO RUN LATE SO NO
WORRIES.
OK, ALL RIGHT.
WELL, LARRY, DON'T GO ANYWHERE
BECAUSE I'M STILL THINKING
THERE YOU GO.
I'M NICE AND COMFORTABLE.
YEAH.
WE NEED TO GIVE YOUR RECRUITING
ACTIVITY REPORT THE RECRUITING
ACTIVITY NOTHING.
>> OK, NO REPORT.
I'VE HEARD NOTHING.
NO ALL RIGHT.
NO ANYTHING SO OK.
>> AND THEN WE ALSO NEED YOU,
LARRY, TO GIVE THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE IF YOU UPDATE STARTING
WITH THE MEETING AT AT THE
MEETING ON THE 19TH OF MARCH
AND IN PUBLIC COMMENT THERE WAS
THE COMMENT AT THE MILLER.
THERE'S SOME CONSTRUCTION GOING
ON ON MILOVAN DOWN AROUND
SEVENTH IN THAT GENERAL AREA
JUST BEFORE YOU GET TO SEVENTH
AND DOWN TOWARDS DOWNTOWN AND
THEY'RE PUT IN A CYCLE TRACK
AND FOR FOR BICYCLE'S THERE'S
NEGATIVE RESPONSE TO THAT AND
IT WAS ALSO A COMMENT ABOUT
IGNORING VEGETATION LIMITS
BECAUSE OF YOU KNOW, THE
VEGETATION IS SUPPOSED TO BE
CUT BACK SO THAT PEOPLE CAN SEE
EASIER IN THE ROADS.
>> AND THEN THERE WAS A COUPLE
THERE'S ALSO A COUPLE
OF CRASHES ON THERE AND THERE
WAS A COUPLE OF CRASHES ON
PACARD, TWO COMPLAINTS ABOUT
AND THERE WERE COMPLAINTS ABOUT
THE NEW SIDEWALKS GOING IN THE
SCHOOLS AND THERE WAS THERE'S A
MULTI LANE PROJECT GOING ON AND
THERE'S A FEW OF THOSE GOING ON
AND THERE'S SOME TIMING CONTROL
EVALUATIONS AND THEY'RE
EVALUATING ALL THIS STUFF FOR
TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO PUT IN
ROADS, HOW TO DECREASE SPEED,
INCREASE SAFETY AND FIFTH
AVENUE PROJECTS.
I KNOW THEY'VE STARTED ALREADY.
THERE'S SOME FIFTH AVENUE
PROJECT SOUTH OF WILLIAM AND
SOME OF THEM ARE GOING TO BE UP
TO THREE YEARS.
THAT'S UP TO A THREE YEAR
PROJECT GOING FROM ONE YEAR
DOWN TO MADISON AND I I HAVE
HERE THERE'S SOME DISPUTE BUT
IT SEEMS LIKE THEY'RE GOING TO
ELIMINATE THE SOUTHBOUND LANE
AND THEY'RE GOING TO MAKE A
PARKING LANE DOWN THERE.
AND AS A NOTE I NOTICED BECAUSE
I'VE I'VE HAD A BIG ISSUE WITH
PEOPLE ZINGING DOWN THE
SIDEWALKS ON BICYCLES AND
TECHNICALLY IT IS LEGAL TO DO
THAT.
I DIDN'T REALIZE IT'S LEGAL TO
CYCLE ON THE SIDEWALK AND SOME
OF THE WHILE A FEW WEEKS AGO I
HAD TO MOVE FROM SOMEBODY MUST
HAVE BEEN I HEARD THIS MOTOR
GOT ABOUT FORTY MILES AN HOUR
DOWN THE SIDEWALK AND JUST OUT
OF SAFETY SAKE I DIDN'T KNOW IF
THEY'D COME TOO FAST.
I JUMPED OFF THE SIDEWALK.
>> IT WAS THE WAY IT WAS
ACTUALLY STILL LEGAL TO DO THAT
.
SO THERE MUST HAVE BEEN SCARY
LARRY.
YEAH, WELL UNFORTUNATELY I'M
KIND OF USED TO BEING TIED TO
THAT BUT I COULD SEE WHERE
SOMEBODY COULD GET CAUGHT VERY
QUICKLY.
OK AND I THINK YOUR MUTANT I
JUST HAD A QUESTION FOR LARRY
WHEN HE'S FINISHED WITH HIS
REPORT.
OK, OK.
AND THEN SOME WE DISCUSSED
ABOUT TWENTY TWENTY SIX
OBJECTIVES.
>> THERE WERE SEVERAL SEVERAL
DATA COLLECTION CONCERNS WITH
AND THERE WERE SOME BIKING AND
ENCOURAGING THE ENCOURAGING THE
PUBLIC TO TAKE THE PUBLIC
TRANSPORTATION AND THEN THEY
TALKED ABOUT ADDRESSING
SNOWFALL REMOVAL, GETTING IT TO
BE A LITTLE BETTER FOR SNOW
REMOVAL AND FINISHING UP
SIDEWALK CAPS.
OK, AND THEN THE OTHER ONE FROM
THE SIXTEENTH OF APRIL TWENTY
TWENTY FIVE PUBLIC COMMENT.
SO THERE WAS CONCERN ABOUT ST.
OUR STREET LIGHTS IN SOME AREAS
NOT NOT MORE LINE OF SIGHT AND
MORE LINE OF SIGHT ISSUES WHERE
THERE'S THINGS OBSTRUCTIONS
THAT ARE DEALING WITH LINES
OF SIGHT ONE THAT GETS ME IS
ONE THAT I'D LIKE TO SEE IS
THAT THERE'S SOME CONCERN
THEY'RE TRYING TO MAKE KERBEROS
FEET AND THEY'VE GOT WE'D LIKE
IT MORE OR AT LEAST I CERTAINLY
WOULD LIKE IT MORE DEFINABLE
THE EDGE BETWEEN STREET AND
CURB AND THAT WAS IN PUBLIC
COMMENT.
BUT I TOTALLY AGREE WITH THAT
LAST ONE AND THEN WE TALKED
ABOUT HOW WE MADE OUR POLICY
AGENDA WHICH ACTUALLY NEEDS
MORE TIME TO TO GET TO GET SO
WE DIDN'T PASS THAT YET AND
THEN WE HAD A BUDGET SAYING
WHERE WE GOT SIX HUNDRED AND
THIRTY NINE MILLION DOLLARS AND
THAT WAS FOR ALL THE ROADS IN
MICHIGAN AND EVERYTHING ELSE
AND THEN IT BREAKS DOWN TO AN
HOUR.
>> WE'RE GETTING SO MUCH FOR
DIFFERENT TYPES OF REPAIRS AND
MAINTENANCE AND THEN WE HAD TO
UPDATE OUR UPDATE STREETS, YOU
KNOW STREETS AND PROJECTS AND
WE HAVE WHAT IS THIS SOME KIND
OF SOME KIND OF MACHINE?
BUT I HAVE TO UPDATE THAT ONE
LATER AND THERE WILL WANT TO
PUT IN MORE BIKE LANES THEN
TRACK CONSTRUCTION AND THEN
UPDATES THE LAST ONE
WITH THE
BUILDING AROUND ABOUT OUR NIXON
ROAD IN PARTICULAR.
AND THEN THERE IS THERE'S GOING
TO BE SOME WORK ON GLENN NEAR
THE HOSPITAL WHICH HAS ALREADY
STARTED AND THE THE LAST ONE IS
I KNOW THAT'S BEEN STARTED IT'S
GOING TO BE GOING FOR SEVERAL
MONTHS AND I ACTUALLY KNOW
SOMETHING ABOUT THIS ONE.
THE CALLING FROM MAINE THE 7TH
IS BEING REDONE RESURFACED AND
THE PIPELINES UNDERNEATH ARE
BEING FIXED AND SO THAT'S GOING
TO BE DOWN UNTIL AT LEAST
AUGUST.
BUT THERE IS AS THE BUS GOES
DOWN MADISON.
SO YOU CAN STILL WITH US ON
DETOUR AND THAT'S IT.
>> THAT'S A LOT OF REPORTS AND
THERE'LL BE NO REPORT NEXT
MONTH SINCE THE NEXT
TRANSPORTATION MEETING IS ON
THE TWENTY FIRST AFTER OUR
MEETING AND I SAID
, ALL RIGHT,
LARRY, THANK YOU.
AND COMMISSIONER SOMAN, YOU
HAVE A QUESTION COMMENT?
>> YEAH.
LARRY, THANK YOU FOR THAT
EXTREMELY DETAILED REPORT SO
EARLY IN YOUR REPORT YOU
MENTIONED THAT IN PUBLIC
COMMENT THERE WAS SOME PUSHBACK
OR OBJECTION TO BIKE TRACKS
LATER IN YOUR REPORT YOU
MENTIONED, YOU KNOW, BIKE LANES
AGAIN COMING UP.
AND SINCE WE KNOW THAT TO BE
NOT ALWAYS A DISABILITY
FRIENDLY SORT OF AFFORDANCE,
CAN YOU TALK A LITTLE BIT MORE
TO YOUR RECOLLECTION WHAT THAT
PUBLIC COMMENT WAS IN
OPPOSITION TO BIKE LANES?
>> I THINK THAT PUBLIC COMMENT
WAS AT LEAST RIGHT NOW THEY
WHAT THEY WANT TO BUILD BIKE
LANES, THE BIKE LANES THEY'RE
BUILDING, THEY'RE NOT GETTING
ENOUGH DEFINITION FOR ONE
THING, THEY'RE NOT PUTTING
ENOUGH DEFINITION BETWEEN THE
BIKE LANE AND THE THE ACTUAL
STREET AND THE OTHER ISSUES I
THINK ARE SO WITH THE VIEW
OBSTRUCTION TO THAT IT'S ALSO
AFFECTING THE BIKE LANES AND
THERE IS SOME OBJECTION IN AND
ESPECIALLY THE NEWER AREA
THERE'S SOME OBJECTION BECAUSE
THEY WELL SOME OF THEM JUST
DON'T WANT THEM.
>> THEY THINK THAT SOME OF THEM
JUST DON'T WANT THEM.
>> WHAT WAS THE REASON GIVEN?
>> WELL, SOME PEOPLE THINK THAT
SOME OF THE PEOPLE SEEM TO
THINK THAT IT'S UNSAFE TO HAVE
THE BIKE LANES AND THE THE
TRAFFIC AT VERY BUSY PLACES TO
BE TOGETHER WITH OR TO CLOSE
THE SIDEWALKS AND EVERYTHING.
>> I THINK IT HAS TO DO MORE
WITH SAFETY ISSUES.
>> THEY THINK THAT THERE'S GOT
TO BE A LOT OF BETTER
DEFINITION BETWEEN THE BIKE
LANES AND THE STREETS FOR TO
AND FOR STREET TO THE THE BIKE
LANES AND THE PEDESTRIANS AS
WELL.
IT'S VERY DIFFICULT TO CROSS
SOME OF THOSE THINGS WHEN YOU
HAVE ESPECIALLY WELL FROM MY
POINT OF VIEW AT LEAST IT'S
VERY DIFFICULT TO CROSS AT AN
INTERSECTION WHERE YOU HAVE A
BUSY STREET AND A BUSY BIKE
LANE.
>> FROM MY EXPERIENCE THAT'S
VERY DIFFICULT BECAUSE YOU GOT
A LOT NOT ONLY LISTEN TO CARS
WHICH ARE GENERALLY FAIRLY LOUD
ANYWAY BICYCLISTS WHO ARE
FAIRLY QUIET AND WHEN THEY'RE
BOTH GOING IT'S THAT'S THAT'S
MY OBJECTION ANYWAY.
YEAH, I'M GREAT BUT I'VE GOT TO
REGISTER SOME OF THESE CONCERNS
.
I THINK THAT'S A COMMITTEE
WHERE WE WE NEED TO HAVE A
STRONG PRESENCE.
>> I WOULD AGREE I WOULD AGREE
BECAUSE WELL SOME OF THE THINGS
THAT BECAUSE OF COURSE YOU KNOW
,I'M I'M REALLY AGITATING FOR
THEM NOT TO RIDE OUT FOR
BICYCLES NOT TO RIDE ON THE
SIDEWALK.
SO I DO IN GENERAL LIKE THE
BIKE LANES BUT IN BUSY SECTIONS
IT'S VERY DIFFICULT TO
DISTINGUISH BIKE AND CAR AND
IT'S ALSO MY EXPERIENCE THAT IT
SEEMS TO BE THAT WHEN THE LIGHT
CHANGES OR WHEN TRAFFIC STOPS
BECAUSE THERE'S A RED LIGHT
THAT VERY OFTEN I LISTEN TO THE
TRAFFIC WHEN I CROSS TO THE I
CAN'T SEE IT.
I LISTEN AND I TRY TO LISTEN
VERY CAREFULLY.
SO FAR I'M STILL AROUND THAT
I'M SIXTY.
SO THEY DO IT AT LEAST ENOUGH.
BUT IT'S BEEN MY EXPERIENCE A
LOT OF TIMES BICYCLE'S DON'T
PAY ATTENTION TO THE RED LIGHT
AND I'M I'LL BE ON THE CURB BUT
I'LL BE GET READY TO CROSS ALSO
I HAVE TO WAIT AND I MIGHT HAVE
TO WAIT TOO LONG AND HAVE TO
WAIT FOR THE NEXT LIGHT.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
MY BABIES ARE LIKE VERY REAL
CONCERNS AND I'M A LITTLE
DISAPPOINTED THAT OUR CITY
REPRESENTATIVE ISN'T HERE TO AT
LEAST BE AWARE OF THESE
CONCERNS MOVING FORWARD.
OH, SHE'LL BE AWARE I WAS YEAH.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE FLAGGING THESE
THINGS BECAUSE IT SEEMS TO ME
THAT ALSO NEWS TO ME THAT
BICYCLISTS ARE FREE TO RIDE ON
CITY SIDEWALKS.
THEY SOMEHOW DON'T SEEM TO BE
SUBJECT TO THE SAME RULES
OF THE ROAD AS AUTOMOBILES.
SO THERE'S THERE'S A LOT
OF CONFUSION AND I THINK
THERE'S A LOT OF HAZARDS
FRANKLY I WOULD I WOULD
CERTAINLY AGREE WITH THAT.
>> THANK YOU, GENTLEMEN.
I DO APPRECIATE, YOU KNOW, THE
DISCOURSE HERE AND I THINK, YOU
KNOW, THERE'S SOME INTERESTING
POINTS THAT ARE RAISED SO I CAN
DEFINITELY COMMUNICATE THEM TO
OUR COUNCIL LIAISON IF DESIRED
.
>> KENNEDY CAN WE MAKE SURE
THOSE ARE REFLECTED IN THE
MINUTES AS WELL?
WHICH ONE JUST THAT CONCERNS
WERE EXPRESSED AROUND SOME
OF THE ISSUES WHICH
COMMISSIONER KEELER BROUGHT UP
THAT MIGHT BE WORTH BICYCLING,
OK, CORRECT.
>> YEAH, THAT MIGHT BE WORTH
CIRCLING BACK AT SOME POINT AS
A NEW BUSINESS ITEM.
>> YEAH, I'M HERE.
THEY'LL BE THERE NOW.
WELL, THANK YOU.
THANK YOU MATTHEW.
I APPRECIATE YOU BRINGING UP TO
OUR ATTENTION AND THANK YOU
LARRY.
KEELER AS WELL.
YOU'RE MENTIONING LARRY, THE
WEATHER BICYCLES ARE ALLOWED ON
SIDEWALKS WOULD BE NICE TO GET
CLARITY ON WHETHER THEY ARE OR
WHETHER IT'S BEING ENFORCED
HERE ANN ARBOR I DID HAVE A
BICYCLIST WHO KIND OF RACING
THROUGH ON THE SIDEWALK KIND
OF SHOUTING YELLING THAT I WAS
WALKING ON THE SIDEWALK WITH MY
GUIDE DOG TO YELL AT ME TO GET
OUT OF THE WAY GET OUT OF THE
WAY AS HE ROLLED THROUGH.
BUT I MEAN THERE'S ALWAYS GOING
TO BE SOMEONE WHO DOES
SOMETHING.
BUT I I AM CURIOUS WHETHER IT I
GUESS I ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT MY
SCHOOLS WERE NOT BUT THEY'VE
BEEN NICE TO GET SOME CLARITY
ON THAT.
>> THANK YOU.
>> I'LL DO THAT BECAUSE I WAS
VERY UNCLEAR ABOUT THAT TOO AND
I STILL AM AND THEY'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE I HEAR THEY'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE A SPEED LIMIT ON THAT
TOO.
BUT OBVIOUSLY THE CYCLISTS
DON'T SEEM TO PAY ATTENTION TO
THAT MUCH.
I'VE GOT I'VE GOT ABOUT FORTY
BIKE STORIES I COULD TELL SO WE
WON'T GO THERE TODAY.
NO INDEED WE WILL NOT.
BUT THANK YOU ALL FOR AGAIN
BRINGING THIS TO THE FOREFRONT
AND WE'LL MAKE SURE THAT THIS
IS IN THE MINUTES AND THAT WE
NEED TO THAT WE ADDRESS IT IN
THE FUTURE.
THANK YOU AND THANK YOU LARRY
FOR ALL OF YOUR HELP ON THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION.
NEXT WE HAVE THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN COUNSEL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
UPDATE WITH COMMISSIONER
MATTHEW SOLOMON.
>> MATTHEW, THE FLOOR IS YOURS
SO I'LL BE REPORTING ON THE
APRIL EIGHT MEETING OF THE CFTC
IN WHICH THERE WERE REALLY ONLY
TWO ITEMS OF BUSINESS.
THE FIRST OF THOSE ITEMS WAS A
CALL FOR RECRUITMENT FOR
VOLUNTEERS TO SERVE ON THE NEW
BAKKAR AWARD COMMITTEE.
SO THEY'RE ACCEPTING VOLUNTEERS
AND ARE SEEKING HOPEFULLY A
ROBUST POOL TO PARTICIPATE IN
THIS AWARD WHICH INVOLVED LAST
YEAR MORE THAN ONE HUNDRED
NOMINATIONS OF WHICH OUR OWN
COUNCIL MEMBER WAS THE WINNER
AS WE WERE RECALL.
THE OTHER PART OF THE MEETING
WAS DEDICATED TO AN OPEN
DISCUSSION DIE WHICH AS MANY
OF YOU PROBABLY ARE ALREADY
AWARE WAS SUMMARILY
DISCONTINUED AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN.
AND SO THERE WAS A KIND OF OPEN
DISCUSSION WITH THE MAJOR
QUESTION OF WHERE DOES
DISABILITY FIT IN THIS?
SOME MIGHT CALL IT AN ATTACK
ON
DGI.
WHAT IS THE FUTURE
OF DISABILITY RIGHTS AND
DISABILITY JUSTICE IN THE NEW
ENVIRONMENT THAT EXISTS
FEDERALLY THAT HAS MAJOR
IMPLICATIONS FOR THE RESEARCH
COMMUNITY, FOR THE MEDICAL
COMMUNITY, FOR THE STUDENT
BODY, FOR THE FACULTY, FOR THE
STAFF SO THAT BECAME AN OPEN
DISCUSSION.
>> VARIOUS VIEWPOINTS WERE
EXPRESSED.
>> I THINK THERE WASN'T A TON
OF DISCUSSION BECAUSE IT DIDN'T
FEEL LIKE NECESSARILY EVERYBODY
FELT COMFORTABLE SPEAKING BUT
THERE'S A LEVEL OF CONCERN
CERTAINLY AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN DISABILITY
COMMUNITY ABOUT WHAT THE FUTURE
LOOKS LIKE UNDER SOME PRETTY
AGGRESSIVE EXECUTIVE ORDERS, ET
CETERA THAT HAVE TARGETED
CERTAIN WORDS AND DISABILITY
SEEMS TO BE ONE OF THOSE WORDS
THAT THAT IS A TRIGGER FOR SOME
FOR SOME EFFORTS.
SO I'LL KIND OF LEAVE IT AT
THAT I CAN SHARE THE NOTES THE
LINK TO THE NOTES THAT WERE
FAIRLY DETAILED THAT WERE TAKEN
BY THE SECRETARY OF THE CFT.
SHE CAPTURED SOME ELEMENTS
OF THAT DISCUSSION.
I'D BE HAPPY TO MAKE THOSE
AVAILABLE IN A LINK FORM TO
ANYONE WHO'S INTERESTED.
>> YEAH, YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEND
THAT TO ME.
I CAN SEND THAT OUT TO THE
COMMISSION TO YOUR NAME AND
YES.
>> THANK YOU AND MATTHEW, THANK
YOU FOR THAT DETAILED REPORT
OF THE APRIL MEETING OF THE
COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
AT THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
AND THANK YOU FOR SITTING ON
THAT COUNCIL AND FOR ALL THE
WORK THAT ARE DOING THERE.
FIRST OF ALL, IF YOU DON'T
MIND, COULD YOU FORWARD ME THAT
CANDIDATE THAT THAT COMMITTEE
OUTREACH FOR THE NEW BOCCA
AWARD?
I WOULD LOVE TO BE ABLE TO SEND
THAT TO OUR FULL COMMISSION TO
BE ABLE TO GET SOME OTHER
COMMISSIONERS AN OPPORTUNITY TO
SIT ON THE NEW BOCKER AWARD
COMMITTEE IF THEY SO CHOOSE YOU
GUYS.
IT IS A GREAT PROCESS AND I'VE
SAT ON THE COMMITTEE AND IT IS
WELL WORTH IT BECAUSE THIS IS A
VERY STORIED AWARD, VERY
STORIED ACCOMPLISHMENT AND I
BELIEVE THAT THE NOMINATIONS
COME IN.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, TO BE A TEAM
PLAYER ALL OF THEM ARE
DESERVING.
BUT WHAT MAKES IT EVEN MORE
OF AN ESTEEMED AWARD IS THAT
IT'S A VERY, VERY SELECTIVE
PROCESS.
BUT I WOULD LOVE FOR US TO BE
INVOLVED WITH THAT AND AND
FINALLY, MATTHEW, ON YOUR
COMMENTS OF KIND OF THE SWIFT
ACTION THAT THAT HAS BEEN
TAKING THAT HAS BEEN TAKEN YOU
KNOW, I WANT TO JUST SAY THAT I
AM I AM HERE AND MY HEART GOES
OUT TO YOU AND THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN AND YOUR STAFF AND
AND THE UNIVERSITY FOR WHAT
IT'S GOING THROUGH AT THIS
TIME.
SO YOU KNOW, IF THERE'S
ANYTHING THAT COMMISSIONERS CAN
DO TO HELP THE CFTC OR HELP THE
UNIVERSITY COMMUNITY, PLEASE
DON'T HESITATE TO REACH OUT.
WELL, I MEAN I THINK PART
OF WHAT OUR OBLIGATION TO THE
COMMUNITY IS IS TO CONTINUE TO
BE A SQUEAKY WHEEL AND TO NOT
GET RUN OVER BY EFFORTS TO
STREAMLINE, MODERNIZE, BUDGET
CUT AND SO THAT WOULD BE MY
THOUGHT.
WHAT CAN WE AS A AS A
COMMISSION DO NOT TO BE AN
AFTERTHOUGHT A RUBBER STAMP BUT
ACTUALLY AN INTEGRAL PART
OF THIS PROCESS WHERE WHERE OUR
INPUT IS SOLICITED ACTIVELY AND
OUR CONCERNS ARE ADDRESSED IN
MEANINGFUL WAYS RATHER THAN AS
AN AFTERTHOUGHT?
YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
THIS IS CHAIR DAMON.
I JUST WANT TO ECHO THAT THAT I
AGREE.
I THINK THAT THERE ARE SOME
WAYS IN WHICH THE COMMISSION
CAN DO THAT AND IT STARTS WITH
JUST PUBLIC AWARENESS OF BEING
AT THE EVENTS THAT ARE IN OUR
COMMUNITY, WHETHER THAT'S THE
ADA CELEBRATE, WHETHER THAT'S
EVENTS WITH THE ANN ARBOR
DISTRICT LIBRARY AND WHETHER
THAT'S EVENTS AT DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW MONROE,
LIVINGSTON.
I KNOW THAT WE ARE ALL WORKING
PROFESSIONALS.
IN ADDITION TO OUR PUBLIC
SERVICE HERE BUT I THINK BEING
PRESENT AND BEING BOOTS ON THE
GROUND AND AND INTERACTING WITH
INDIVIDUALS THAT WE COME ACROSS
WHO ARE ALSO IN OUR COMMUNITY
THAT DISABILITY AND SAYING HEY
THIS IS WHAT WE'RE DOING, HOW
CAN WE HELP YOU?
I THINK THAT IS A BIG
DIFFERENCE.
AND SO BUT I AGREE WITH YOU,
MATTHEW, WHOLEHEARTEDLY.
I HAD A QUESTION THIS IS
COMMISSIONER CONRADE.
I HAD A QUESTION WHETHER THERE
WAS ANY DISCUSSION AT THE
RECENT CFTC MEETINGS ABOUT
PRESIDENT OHNO'S ONE OF HIS
LATEST ANNOUNCEMENTS WAS AROUND
KIND OF RESTRUCTURING AND
INVESTING IN ACCESS AND
OPPORTUNITY AND IN THAT EMAIL
HE SPECIFICALLY NAMED SUPPORT
FOR PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES
FACULTY WITH DISABILITIES
THROUGH LSA DISABILITY
NAVIGATOR'S PROGRAM AND SUPPORT
FOR STUDENTS WITH DISABILITIES.
AND I WAS HONESTLY VERY
SURPRISED TO SEE THAT AND I
HAVE NO CONTEXT FOR HOW THAT
CAME UP.
>> BUT I WONDERED IF IF THAT
WAS PART OF THE DISCUSSION.
I'M GOING TO LOOK BACK THROUGH
MY EMAILS THAT I WANT TO SAY
THAT THAT ANNOUNCEMENT CAME A
FEW DAYS AFTER THE MEETING.
>> I'M NOT 100 PERCENT
CONFIDENT OF THAT BUT I THINK
WHEN THAT MEETING WAS GOING ON
THAT ANNOUNCEMENT HAD NOT BEEN
MADE.
>> BUT IF I'M MISTAKEN, I'M
GOING TO DOUBLE CHECK THE NOTES
WHICH I'LL ALSO MAKE AVAILABLE
TO THE OTHER MEMBERS OF THE
COMMITTEE ONCE I FOR THEM TO
ZACK AND TO KENNEDY I'M JUST
SCANNING THEM TO SEE IF THERE'S
ANY ANY DISCUSSION OF THAT.
I DON'T SEE IT.
SO MY MY HUNCH IS THAT IT WAS
THAT ANNOUNCEMENT FROM THE
PRESIDENT CAME SOME DAYS LATER.
I DO RECALL SOME QUESTIONS
RAISED ABOUT HOW SWIFTLY AND
IRREVOCABLY D HAD BEEN ERASED
AT LEAST THAT TIME AND TO THE
POINT OF , YOU KNOW, THINKING
ABOUT CONNECTIONS AND
REPRESENTATION.
THERE IS A PROVOS ADVISORY
COMMITTEE FACULTY ADVISORY
COMMITTEE ON DISABILITY AND
IESHA GARTSIDE ONE IS ON THAT
COMMITTEE AS A FACULTY MEMBER.
SO THAT'S IT'S A POINT
OF CONNECTION TO THINK ABOUT,
YOU KNOW, WHERE THERE IS AN
OPEN CALL.
I UNDERSTOOD THAT TO BE SORT
OF BY APPOINTMENT ONLY IT SEEMS
LIKE A VERY IMPORTANT BODY TO
BE ON AND HAVE BEEN DISCUSSED
IN CFTC BUT IT WAS UNCLEAR TO
ME HOW I WON.
YOU KNOW, ASCENDED TO THAT
PARTICULAR ADVISORY GROUP WAS
IT YOU KNOW, BY SELECTION ONLY
BY ELECTION OR HOW WAS THAT
CHOSEN?
>> DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA?
I HAVE THE SAME QUESTIONS,
YEAH.
NO I DON'T KNOW.
UNFORTUNATELY COMMISSIONER
GARCIA IS NOT HERE SO WE WOULD
LIKELY BE ABLE TO ANSWER THOSE
QUESTIONS DIRECTLY.
LET'S BRING IT UP AGAIN.
I THINK IT'S WORTH ASKING
ABOUT.
>> YEAH, THIS IS ZACA.
I AGREE AND I HOPE THAT THIS
CAN ALSO BE SOMETHING THAT WE
BRING UP TO COUNCIL MEMBER WHEN
THEY ATTEND.
SO THANK YOU KILL IF YOU
WOULDN'T MIND JUST PUTTING THAT
IN THE MINUTES TO JUST AS A
REMINDER TO ALL OF US TO TO TRY
AND QUERY THAT ISSUE BECAUSE TO
MR. GARCIA EDWIN AS
COMMISSIONER CONROD POINTS OUT
AS A DIRECT LINK TO THIS FAIRLY
HIGH RANKING ADVISORY BODY, DO
YOU WANT TO ADD THAT IN THE
MINUTES THAT SHE'S ON THE
COMMITTEE FOR THIS ADVISORY OR
YOU WANT TO ADD IN THERE THAT
YOU GUYS WILL HAVE A DISCUSSION
ABOUT THIS AT THE NEXT MEETING
OR WE JUST LIKE TO KNOW A
LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT THAT
ADVISORY COMMITTEE BECAUSE IT
WAS DISCUSSED AT CFTC BUT
NOBODY ON THAT COMMISSION
SEEMED TO HAVE ANY CLARITY
OTHER THAN THE FACT THAT THEY
WERE GLAD TO SEE THEIR
REPRESENTATION WAS GOING TO
HAPPEN.
BUT THE MECHANICS OF THE
COMMITTEE WERE NEVER MADE KNOWN
TO US.
>> OK, I WILL ADD ON THERE THAT
THE COMMISSION IS INTERESTED IN
MORE ABOUT THE ADVISORY
COMMISSION FOR COUNCIL MEMBER
AT THE VERY GOOD THANK YOU SO
MUCH.
BUT JUST WANTED TO ADD IF I I
HEARD SOMETHING ON THE NEWS AND
I JUST LOOKED THIS UP NATIONAL
DEA DEFENSE COLDISH AND I DON'T
KNOW IF ANYONE'S FAMILIAR WITH
THIS IS CHAIR DAYMAN
COMMISSIONER PACARD.
I'M NOT AWARE OF THAT.
OH OK.
I CAN FORWARD THAT IF YOU WANT
TO SEE IF IT'S ANYTHING THAT
MIGHT HELP IN THE PROCESS.
>> SURE.
IF YOU IF YOU CAN FORWARD THAT
TO MYSELF AND SEEK KENNEDY WE
CAN TAKE A LOOK AT IT AND IF WE
BELIEVE THAT IT'S VALUABLE I
THINK WE FORWARD IT TO THE FULL
COMMISSION.
>> OK, THANK YOU.
IN ANSWER TO COMMISSIONER
CONRADE QUESTION IT LOOKS LIKE
THE EMAIL FROM PRESIDENT ONO IS
DATED APRIL THE TWENTY SECOND
SO THAT WOULD THE FOLLOWING TWO
WEEKS AFTER THE MEETING OF THE
CFTC IT MAY COME UP AT THE NEXT
MEETING I WOULD EXPECT IT WOULD
AND JUST FOR EVERYBODY'S
INFORMATION THOSE MEETINGS ARE
COMPLETELY OPEN TO ANYONE IN
THE COMMUNITY.
THEY'RE ACCESSIBLE ON ZOM
MOSADDEQ IS OFTEN THERE AS
WELL.
SO I'M GLAD THAT GOT BROUGHT UP
AND JUST WANTED TO JUST MAKE IT
KNOWN THAT ANYBODY IN THE
COMMUNITY CAN TAKE PART IN
THOSE MEETINGS BY ZOOME IF THEY
WISH ON A CLARIFICATION.
>> WHAT WAS THE NAME OF THE
ADVISORY BOARD OR COMMITTEE THE
COUNCIL MEMBER THAT THE EVENT
WAS ON DENHA THE NAME.
>> SO IT'S I BELIEVE SOMETHING
ALONG THE LINES OF PROVOSTS
DISABILITY ADVISOR COMMITTEE.
I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S THE
EXACT NAME OF IT BUT IT WAS
FORMED IN TIME.
>> YOU JUST WANT ME TO PUT
ADVISORY COMMITTEE.
I THINK IT HAS THE NAME PROVOST
AND IT ALSO HAS SOMETHING TO DO
WITH PROVOST DISABILITY
ADVISORY.
OK, I'LL TRY TO LOOK THE THE
NAME UP AS WELL.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU ALL.
ANYTHING ELSE ON THE COUNCIL
FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS AT THIS
TIME?
ALL RIGHT.
WELL WE HAVE GONE TO THE CHAIR
REPORT HERE AND YOU KNOW, ONE
OF THE ONE OF THE THINGS THAT I
WOULD LIKE TO JUST MENTION IS
THAT THERE IS A BIG EVENT
COMING UP ON MAY EIGHT AND IT'S
THE MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT
OF CIVIL RIGHTS DISABILITY
SUMMIT THAT'S GOING TO BE A NO
BY MAY 8TH AT THE SUBURBAN
COLLECTION SHOWPLACE.
I DID SEND OUT SOME INFORMATION
ON THAT AND I HOPE THAT SOME
COMMISSIONERS CAN ATTEND.
I FORGOT IF IT'S ALSO IN PERSON
OR VIRTUAL BUT I WILL BE
ATTENDING IN PERSON AND I WILL
BE ATTENDING SOME OF THE
WORKSHOPS AS WELL.
BUT I THINK YOU KNOW, THIS IS A
VERY BENEFICIAL EVENT FOR ALL
OF US IN THE DISABILITY
COMMUNITY TO REMAIN ACTIVE AND
HAVE OUR MINDS ON THE FOREFRONT
OF THE HOT BUTTON ISSUES WITHIN
THE DISABILITY COMMUNITY NOT
JUST ACROSS THE CITY BUT ACROSS
THE STATE AND ACROSS THE
NATION.
SO I'M EXCITED TO REPORT THAT
AND THEN ALSO I HOPE THAT ALL
OF YOU CAN JOIN US AGAIN IN
JUNE FOR VISIONS.
I WILL BE FOLLOWING UP WITH OUR
COMMISSION JUST TO MAKE SURE
THAT WE HAVE ALL OF THE
MATERIALS THAT WE NEED THIS
YEAR FOR THE TABLE ONE OF THE
THINGS I WANTED TO DOUBLE CHECK
FROM KENNEDY IS IF WE COULD YOU
KNOW, HAVE I WAS TRYING TO
REMEMBER IF THEY PROVIDED US
THE TABLECLOTH OR IF WE BROUGHT
ONE LAST YEAR BUT I CAN'T AS
USUALLY PROVIDED TO YOU ALL AT
THE EVENT.
>> OK, NEVER.
SO THEN WE SHOULD BE GOOD BUT I
THINK TECHNICALLY WE HAVE SOME
GIVEAWAYS THAT WE GIVE AWAY
LIKE SOME CANDY AND STUFF LIKE
THAT.
SO IF THERE ARE ANY
COMMISSIONERS' OUT THERE WHO
ARE WILLING TO CONTRIBUTE TO
THAT AND PURCHASE SOME GOODIES
THAT WE CAN PASS OUT, ONE
OF THE THINGS THAT I'VE NOTICED
IS THAT IN AN INFORMATION
TABLES IF WE DO HAVE, YOU KNOW,
CANDY, THAT WE'RE ABLE TO TO
PASS OUT THAT ENTICES THEM TO
STOP AND AND LOOK AT OUR
INFORMATION AND THEN I ALSO
WANT TO MAKE SURE TOO THAT WITH
CANDY THAT WE HAVE ADEQUATE
FLIERS AS WELL THAT WE COULD
PRINT WITH CURRENT INFORMATION
SO THAT WE'RE WE'RE GOOD TO GO
THERE AND AND I CAN ALSO BRING
WE HAVE OUR BUSINESS CARDS AND
THINGS OF THAT SORT.
SO I CAN BRING THOSE ALONG.
BUT THAT IS MY REPORTS AT THIS
TIME.
I'LL HAVE MORE IN MY ALRIGHTY.
LET'S SEE ONE SECOND.
ALL RIGHT.
I BELIEVE WE'RE ON TO OLD
BUSINESS.
>> IS THERE ANY OLD BUSINESS
APPARENTLY AT THIS TIME WE HAVE
OLD BUSINESS ON THE AGENDA.
IS THERE ANY COMMISSIONER
PRESENT WITH ANY BUSINESS?
>> PLEASE RAISE YOUR HAND
SAYING NONE.
>> WE HAVE NO BUSINESS.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, KENNEDY DO WE HAVE
ANY NEW BUSINESS AT THIS TIME?
>> CURRENTLY WE HAVE NO NO
BUSINESS LISTED ON THE AGENDA.
IS THERE ANY CURRENT
COMMISSIONER PRESENT THAT HAS
ANY NEW BUSINESS FOR TODAY
SAYING NONE?
>> WE HAVE NO NEW BUSINESS.
I THANK NO NEW BUSINESS OR ANY
COMMUNICATIONS CURRENTLY AT
THIS TIME WE HAVE
COMMUNICATIONS LISTED ON OUR
AGENDA.
IS THERE ANY CURRENT
COMMISSIONER PRESENT THAT WOULD
LIKE TO SHARE ANY
COMMUNICATIONS AT THIS TIME?
ACTUALLY SOMETHING I'M CIRCLING
BACK TO LARRY MENTIONED EARLIER
THAT JUST WANTED TO GIVE A A
PLUG FOR ZACK DOING A GREAT JOB
DIRECTING WITH THE EASTER SEALS
DISABILITY FILM CHALLENGE AND
THAT WAS MENTIONED EARLIER AND
IT WAS A GREAT PROJECT, GREAT
LEADERSHIP AND WE HAVE A VIDEO
THAT'S CIRCULATING THAT WAS THE
RESULT OF A GROUP OF US COMING
TOGETHER TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS
CHALLENGE AND LOOKING FORWARD
TO MORE ADVANCEMENTS, MORE
GREAT THINGS TO COME ON THE
PROJECT THAT WAS PUT TOGETHER
AND I APPRECIATE EVERYONE THAT
YOU KNOW ZACH AND INVITING AND
EVERYTHING THAT WENT ON WITH
THAT.
>> IT WAS A GREAT, GREAT
PROJECT.
OH, THANK YOU, ROB.
YES.
TO CLARIFY EVERYBODY SO I WAS
ASKED BY A MEDIA COLLEAGUE
OF MINE TO TO DIRECT A SHORT
THAT THEY HAD WRITTEN AND
PRODUCED FOR THE EASTER SEALS
DISABILITY FILM CHALLENGE.
SO THAT IS WHAT ROB IS ALLUDING
TO AND SO WE HAVE THE THEME
THIS YEAR WAS SUSPENSE AND
THRILLER AND SO WE DIRECTED A
YOU KNOW, SUSPENSEFUL HORROR
THRILLER THAT WAS LIKE FIVE AND
A HALF MINUTES AND THE CATCH TO
THAT IS WHICH IS REALLY NEAT IS
THAT THE TALENT IN FRONT OF THE
CAMERA AS WELL AS THE TALENT
BEHIND THE CAMERA I NEEDED TO
HAVE A DISABILITY AND SO BOTH
ACTORS AND THAT SHORT HAD
DISABILITIES AND I MYSELF
DIRECTED THE FILM AND ROB WAS A
GREAT PART OF THE CREW, DID A
LITTLE BIT OF CINEMATOGRAPHY
AND SOME OF THE SHOTS CAN BE
SEEN IN THE SHORTS AND WE DID
HAVE A REALLY NICE REVIEW THAT
WAS ALSO WRITTEN UP FOR THIS AS
WELL WHICH IS VERY SURPRISING
AND I WAS VERY GRATEFUL FOR
THAT.
SO THANK YOU ROB.
YEAH AND THANK YOU MATTHEW.
YES, MATTHEW IS THE ESTEEMED
FILM GUY.
I'M I'M JUST A DIRECTOR.
HE'S IMPORTANT SO THANK YOU ALL
.
>> I APPRECIATE IT.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS OK AT
THIS TIME IT IS NOW FIVE TWENTY
NINE ON APRIL 30TH.
IS THERE A MOVEMENT TO ADJOURN
?
>> THIS IS CATALINO MOVE TO
ADJOURN.
ALL RIGHT.
I WILL SECOND ALL IN FAVOR
OF ADJOURNING ON APRIL THIRTY
AT THAT FIVE TWENTY NINE PLEASE
ON MUTE AND SAY I I I.
>> ALL RIGHT EVERYBODY MEETING
IS ADJOURNED.
I WANT TO THANK EVERYBODY AND
FOR THE VIEWERS AT HOME I HAD
TO TURN MY CAMERA ON BECAUSE MY
OR MY CAMERA OFF BECAUSE MY
CONNECTION WAS UNSTABLE BUT I
WANT TO THANK THE COMMUNITY
TELEVISION NETWORK, THE CITY
OF ANN ARBOR AND EVERYONE FOR
THEIR TIME.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
AND WE'LL SEE YOU GUYS NEXT
MONTH.
>> THANK YOU